"Die Schatzinsel" (2007)

A terrible storm is raging the night it all begins - with a knock on the 
door. 17-year-old Jim Hawkins helps his widowed mother run their little 
tavern on the coast of 19th century England. When the door is opened they 
are startled by a sight that makes their blood run cold. The figure 
standing there is covered in scars and has a strange, insane glint in his 
eye! In the days that follow the grizzled old sailor, Bill Bones, spends 
hours on end staring out to sea; until the day a crazed blind man at the 
head of a murderous gang of pirates tracks down Bill Bones - and murders 
him! All for a scrap of paper, Jim discovers to his amazement; But this 
scrap of paper is a map marking the location of fabulous buried treasure, 
gold, silver and jewels saved over the years by the ruthless and highly 
successful pirate, Captain Flint. It is hidden on a distant, mysterious 
island - and Jim just manages to escape the furious pirates with the map! 
Now the prospect of finding such fantastic wealth begins to exert a magic 
spell on all and sundry. Soon Jim is part of an expedition alongside 
long-legged Long John Silver to find the treasure. At first the journey at 
sea is a new, unfamiliar adventure for Jim although he is fascinated by the 
charismatic Long John Silver. Though quickly he discovers that the crew 
Silver recruited is made up of fierce pirates - rough-and-ready, brutal 
bandits who have sailed the seven seas in search of booty. The motley crew 
also includes 17-year-old Sheila, disguised as a ship's boy. The pretty 
young girl is pursuing the treasure for reasons of her own: as the daughter 
of Captain Flint, she believes she alone is entitled to it - and she is 
prepared to go to any lengths to get the loot! But Jim Hawkins knows all 
too well that her life will be worthless if Long John Silver and his men 
should they discover her. As the Hispaniola sails onwards towards the 
Treasure Island, Jim tries to gain Sheila's trust - to help her find the 
traces of her deceased father's life in the buried treasure. Thus the 
thrilling adventure begins, and Jim is exposed to a whole range of terrible 
ordeals - starting with mutiny! When our heroes finally reach the 
mysterious island they find ample evidence of Captain Flint's gruesome 
deeds, including a crazed shipmate who was abandoned here years ago and is 
now intent on violent revenge. As the tale of treachery and pirate treasure 
unfolds, Jim is forced to grow up quickly - or die! As he undergoes 
thrilling adventures and survives by the skin of his teeth, his experiences 
help Jim become a man. But will he find the treasure in the end? Will 
Sheila obtain her inheritance? And how many of them will leave Treasure 
Island alive? 
