"Quantum Leap" (1989)

Doctor Sam Beckett led a group of top scientists into the desert to 
research his theory that a man could time travel within his own lifetime. 
Unfortunately, in order to save his funding, he was forced to enter the 
accelerator prematurely and vanished. He then found himself in someone 
else's body with partial amnesia. His only contact from home is Al, a 
holographic image only he can see and hear. Setting right things which once 
went wrong, Sam leaps from life to life, hoping each time that this is the 
final leap home. 
Although the project isn't ready yet, Sam hops into the Accelerator and 
leaps. As Tom Stratton, an Air Force test pilot, Sam finds his memory Swiss 
cheesed, with only enough left to know that he is not where or when he 
belongs. Al explains that the project has gone "a little ca-ca" and that 
the only way Sam can leap out is by flying the X-2 to Mach 3. Instead, Sam 
leaps after saving Tom's life, wife and child, only to find that rather 
than leaping home, he's leapt into Tim Fox, a minor league baseball player 
in Texas, at the end of the 1968 season, where he must make the winning 
play in order to leap. 
Theorizing that one could time-travel within his own lifetime, Dr. Sam 
Beckett led an elite group of scientists into the desert to develop a top 
secret project known as Quantum Leap. Pressured to prove his theories or 
lose funding, Dr. Beckett prematurely stepped into the project 
accelerator... and vanished. He awoke to find himself in the past, 
suffering from partial amnesia and facing a mirror image that was not his 
own. Fortunately, contact with his own time was maintained through 
brainwave transmissions with Al, the project observer, who appeared in the 
form of a hologram that only Dr. Beckett can see and hear. Trapped in the 
past, Dr. Beckett finds himself leaping from life to life, putting things 
right that once went wrong and hoping each time that his next leap would be 
the leap home." courtesy of: http://www.quantumleap-alsplace.com/#premise 
