"Supernatural" (2005)

This television drama is about two brothers, Sam and Dean, who were raised 
by their father, John, to hunt and kill all things that go "bump in the 
night" after his wife, Mary, was murdered by something supernaturally evil 
when the boys were young. 22 years later the brothers set out on a journey, 
fighting evil along the way, to find their recently missing father who, 
when they finally meet up with, reveals he knows what killed their mother, 
a demon, and has found a way to track and kill it. Meanwhile, Sam starts to 
develop frightening abilities that include death visions, visions of people 
dying before it actually happens. These visions are somehow connected to 
the demon who murdered his mother and it's mysterious plans that seem to be 
all about Sam. When their father dies striking a deal with the very same 
devil that had killed his wife, the brothers, now alone and without their 
mentor, are determined to finish the crusade their father started. But 
disturbing revelations about Sam's part in the demon's apocalyptic plans 
are presented when John's dying last words to Dean are revealed. 
When Sam and Dean Winchester were just kids, their mother was horribly 
murdered in front of their father by something "supernatural". Their lives 
were never the same again. After their mother's murder, their father took 
an interest in the supernatural and the unexplained and raised the boys as 
warriors with skills to fight back against the unknown and protect the 
innocent. 22 years later, with Sam and Dean grown up, their father suddenly 
disappears on a suppose routine supernatural hunt. Sam and Dean search for 
their father and along the way help anyone with a supernatural problem with 
the help from their dad's journal that contains most of his knowledge about 
the supernatural that he had accumulated over his 22 years of none-stop 
obsessive hunting. 
22 years ago, John Winchester awoke in the middle of the night to find his 
wife, Mary, pinned to the ceiling, bleeding from the stomach, and set 
aflame. He managed to get his sons, 4-year-old Dean and six-month old Sam, 
out of the house, but Mary was killed leaving John devastated and 
determined for revenge against the supernatural thing that killed her. 
Present day, John has raised his sons to fight supernatural forces. Demons, 
ghosts, even cryptologic creatures. However, they can't find the thing that 
killed Mary. With his constant clashes with his father, Sam becomes 
disenchanted with the hunter's lifestyle, and goes away to college, where 
he falls in love with a girl named Jessica Moore. After years of 
estrangement, Dean shows up at Sam and Jess' one night to ask for Sam's 
help to look for their father who had gone missing during a "hunting trip". 
At first, Sam is reluctant to be roped back into the world of hunting and 
prefers his "safe" normal life he had managed to make for himself with 
Jess, but when he finds Jess dead through the same M.O. as their mother, he 
sets out with Dean to find their father by following any supernatural leads 
they can find across the country, hoping they track him down. 
