"The Andromeda Strain" (2008)

In "The Andromeda Strain," a U.S. military satellite crashes in a small 
town and unleashes a deadly plague killing all but two survivors. As the 
military quarantines the area, a team of highly specialized scientists is 
assembled to find a cure to the pathogen code-named "Andromeda," and a 
reporter investigates a government conspiracy only to discover what he is 
chasing wants him silenced. 
When a satellite crashes near the remote Utah town of Piedmont, it becomes 
apparent that it may be carrying a deadly virus. All but two of the town's 
inhabitants, a baby and a Sterno drinker, are dead. Working in a secret 
government laboratory deep underground, Dr. Jeremy Stone leads a team of 
scientists who try to identify the virus and develop a means of stopping 
its spread. Several others, including the military and other senior 
government officials, have their own agendas however leading to the spread 
of misinformation about the origin of the virus. 
Two soldiers are sent to find a satellite that has crash-landed near a 
small town in Utah called Piedmont; but someone has removed it from where 
it landed. The soldiers make their way to town in order to find it. But 
what they find in "the armpit of nowhere" is unexpected and horrible. Dead 
bodies are lying about everywhere. Suddenly an old man runs up to their 
Humvee screaming for help. But it's too late - for the soldiers. Within 
moments they are stricken by something unknown. And then they're dead. 
Soon, Dr. Jeremy Stone will lead a crack team of scientists as they work 
feverishly in a secret, state-of-the-art laboratory to discover what has 
killed the citizens of Piedmont, and why two survivors seem to have been 
immune. They have little time. Whatever wiped out the people of the small 
town is spreading across the country and killing everyone in its path. 
Meanwhile, a rogue television reporter battles with sinister government 
agents to learn the truth about the disaster. 
