$5000 Reward, Dead or Alive (1911)

Steve Frazer, a young cowpuncher on the Bar X Ranch, loved Madie, the 
winsome daughter of Chet Howard, the sheriff, and she was not indifferent 
to the manly cowboy. Loverlike, they had a post office in the mountains, 
among the rocks, and many little notes were exchanged between the happy 
pair. The mountains sheltered a pair of holdup men, who had long terrorized 
the country, and the cattlemen after a conference, decided to offer a 
reward for the capture, dead or a live, of the mysterious bandits. The 
notices were posted by the sheriff, but the depredations of the bandits 
continued, and one morning a ranchman, going home with a large amount of 
money, the payroll for his employees, was held up and robbed by one of the 
pair. The bandit escaped into the shelter of the mountain and by a strange 
coincidence cached the bag of gold in the lover's post office. Shortly 
after Steve Frazer rode up to get his accustomed note and found instead the 
bag of gold. Leaving the note and taking the gold, he hurries to the 
sheriff's home to report his discovery. A posse is formed and they start 
immediately for the scene of the holdup. In the meantime the bandit who 
committed the daring crime has sent his confederate, with minute 
instructions, to procure the gold cached in the lover's post office. He 
finds the place, but instead of the desired gold he finds a note: "If you 
love me as I love you, No knife can cut our love in two." Believing that 
his partner has duped him, he returns to the rendezvous and accuses him of 
double crossing him. This is denied emphatically, and together they return 
to the rock, but only find the note. Both are now thoroughly angry, and 
accusations against each other are fast and furious. "When thieves fall 
out, honest men get their dues," and forgetting where they are, start to 
fight. They are thus engaged when the posse come upon them and they are 
easily captured. The reward offered for their capture goes to Steve Frazer 
and he is now in a position to claim the winsome Madie Howard, and the 
culmination is a happy one. 
