A Scream in the Dark (1943)

Newspaper reporter turned detective Mike, along with his partner Eddie 
Tough (who used to be his photographer on the paper), and Mike's girlfriend 
Joan go after some business. She's the daughter of the local police chief, 
so she can send him clients, is the idea.. The first case he gets is a 
domestic investigation. Leo Stark's wife, Muriel has left him for another 
guy, Gerald Messenger, a man who looks like an ex-pug. Mike finds her, and 
Messenger, in an apartment, Eddie takes a photograph of them clutching 
each-other, and she agrees to give Stark a divorce, and ten thousand 
dollars. While celebrating at a restaurant, Mike is interrupted by a man, 
Mr. Norton, who claims that Muriel is really his wife. Mike establishes 
that Norton had married her two years past, while Stark says he married her 
five years before. But Norton isn't interested in getting rid of any legal 
tie with her, he wants her back. Mike agrees to take the job. While he's 
trying to find her, Norton gets a phone call. He's told that the caller 
knows where his wife is, and that the informant is waiting for his just 
around the corner. Norton goes out to the street; a car drives up and parks 
behind him. A man gets out, we see him only from the waist down. He is 
carrying a sword umbrella. He stabs Norton in the back, killing him. Then 
someone shots Messenger to death. Just to make sure there are enough 
bodies, Messenger's ex-girlfriend Stella gets bumped off as well. Next a 
new ex-husband shows up at Mike's office, one Sam Lackey, from Texas. He 
offers to pay in advance if Mike will help his find his wife. He saw her 
name in the newspapers. She's Muriel Stark. Mike turns down the advance 
payment, he says it's unlucky--he tells Sam that his wife is poison--people 
are being murdered all over the place because of her. Mike and Eddie decide 
they'd better get to Stark, before he can be bumped off too. Meanwhile, 
Mike's girlfriend Joan is working with her boss Police Detective Lieutenant 
Cross, to solve the same murders. Will anyone solve the case before the 
entire human race is eradicated? If you get the chance, watch this film and 
find out. 
