A View to a Kill (1985)

James Bond has one more mission. Bond returns from his travels in the USSR 
with a computer chip. This chip is capable of withstanding a nuclear 
electromagnetic pulse that would otherwise destroy a normal chip. The chip 
was created by Zorin Industries, and Bond heads off to investigate its 
owner, Max Zorin. Zorin may only seem like a innocent guilty man, but is 
really planning to set off an earthquake in San Andreas which will wipe out 
all of Silicon Valley. As well as Zorin, Bond must also tackle May Day and 
equally menacing companion of Zorin, whilst dragging Stacy Sutton along for 
the ride. 
A silicon chip is captured from the Soviets and found to be identical to a 
prototype British design capable of withstanding the intense 
electromagnetic radiation of a nuclear blast. The British suspect 
industrialist Max Zorin of leaking details of the design to the Russians. 
When James Bond is sent to investigate he finds that Zorin is stockpiling 
silicon chips and, mysteriously, drilling near the San Andreas fault. 
007 returns from the USSR with a new computer chip; one that is 
invulnerable to the magnetic pulse of a nuclear explosion. The chip is 
being manufactured by Zorin Industries, headed up by a sociopathic 
businessman named Max Zorin who is planning to corner the world microchip 
market by using explosives to cause an earthquake in the San Andreas fault 
that will wipe out Silicon Valley - and the millions who live and work 
there! Bond must face not only Zorin himself, but the equally twisted May 
Day and Scarpine, another one of Zorin's henchmen. Assisted by San 
Francisco City employee Stacy, Bond goes after the would-be computer 
magnate in a series of frightening confrontations - including fire in the 
SF City Hall, a wild chase through the city with Stacy at the wheel of a 
fire department ladder truck, and finally in a hand-to-hand fight atop San 
Francisco's Golden Gate Bridge. 
James Bond takes on one of his most maniacal villians to date, Max Zorin, a 
leading French Industrialist. Zorin plans to detonate a series of 
explosions in the Silicon Valley causing an earthquake so he can get his 
hands on the world's leading microchip market. It is up to 007 to stop him! 
When Bond is sent to investigate a security leak at the high-tech Zorin 
Industries, he discovers a hotbed of murder and deception. The company's 
mysterious owner, Max Zorin has devised a plan to corner the world 
microchip market, even if he has to kill millions to do it! But before Bond 
can stop Zorin, he must confront the madman's beautiful and deadly 
companion May Day. With help from the gorgeous Stacey, Bond will launch an 
all-out assault on Zorin's deadly scheme, climaxing in a spine-tingling 
duel on the upper spans of the Golden Gate Bridge. 
