Aag Hi Aag (1987)

Army officer Bahadur Singh is recalled to duty on very day his wife gives 
birth to son Vijay. While way back on duty, Bahadur Singh's village is 
attacked by decoites, his sister raped and killed. He goes to police to 
file complaint but shunned by police. Enraged Bahadur Singh takes law in 
his hand, join gang of bandits led by Daulat Singh and changes his name to 
Sher Singh. One day Sher Singh is shot by police. Doctor Raghuveer Singh 
comes to treat him. But Sher Singh think that Raghuveer Singh is policeman 
and kill Raghuveer Singh. When he realise his mistake, he repents and 
surrender to police. Years pass by. Sher Singh's son Vijay grows up and 
fall in love with Aarti. Aarti is daughter of Mr Chaudhary, alias of decoit 
Daulat Singh. Son of Doctor Raghuveer Singh becomes police inspector. Suraj 
has only one mission. Find Sher Singh and kill him to take revenge of his 
father's murder by Sher Singh. This gives more twists and turns in the 
story which leads to a dead end with many people to repent. 
Bahadur Singh is an army officer, is married to Ganga, and lives in a small 
village. Ganga gives birth to a baby boy on the very day that Bahadur is 
recalled to duty. While on his way, his village is attacked, his sister 
raped and killed, together with his parents. He goes to file a police 
complaint, and is shunned and ignored. Enraged, he decides to take the law 
into his own hands, and soon is on the run from the police. Bahadur meets 
with a gang of bandits, lead by Daulat Singh, and is invited to join them, 
which he does. He changes his name to Sher Singh, and soon acquires a tough 
reputation. One day Sher is shot at by the police and is wounded. A doctor, 
Raghuveer Singh, comes to assist him, but Sher thinks he is a disguised 
policeman, and kills him. When Sher realizes what he has done, he repents, 
is alienated by the bandits, and surrenders to the police, and is sentenced 
to life imprisonment. Years pass by, Ganga's son, Vijay, has grown up, and 
is in love with Aarti Choudhury, who is the daughter of Mr. Choudhury, 
whose alias was Daku Daulat Singh. The son of Dr. Raghuveer Singh, Suraj, 
who is now a police inspector, and has one agenda in mind: find and kill 
Sher Singh at any cost. 
