Ab Dilli Dur Nahin (1957)

The year is 1951, India is a free country, and Hariram lives a poor 
lifestyle along with his wife, Bela, and a young son, Rattan. He is in 
debt, but continues to borrow money so that he could provide a better life 
for his family. On the occasion of Diwali, he borrows some more money, 
returns home laden with gifts, fire-crackers, and sweetmeats, and together 
they celebrate. That night a snake enters their hut and bites Bela, killing 
her, leaving both father and son devastated, so much so that Hariram takes 
to alcohol, loses his job, and is unable to re-pay his loan. His 
moneylender assaults Rattan, and an enraged Hariram threatens to kill him. 
That night the moneylender is killed, and the Police arrest Hariram, he is 
tried in court, found guilty, and sentenced to be hanged. With the help of 
a pickpocket named Ghasita, Rattan finds out that his father is innocent, 
and both set out to travel to Delhi to meet the Indian Prime Minister 
Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru so that Hariram can be freed. On the way there, 
Ghasita gets run-over by a truck, but before dying gives a written 
statement to Rattan, thumb-printing it with his blood. Now alone, Rattan 
travels all the way by foot to Delhi's Dariya Ganj, and assisted by some 
street urchins, he hopes to meet Nehru - all in vain. It is then that the 
real killer shows up, and his motive is to prevent Rattan from meeting 
Nehru at any and all costs - even if it means killing him and his new-found 
friends. 
Ab Dilli Dur Nahin is the story of a journey in search of justice. Hariram 
a poor labourer loved his wife and son Rattan so much that he lavished them 
with all the comforts of life even though it meant he was constantly in 
debt. Harimam's life fell apart when he lost his wife. So grief stricken 
was he that he even lost his job due to poor attendance. Misery drove him 
to seek solace in alcohol. When drunken Hariram reached home he found his 
son crying as an evil loan shark Sethji had beaten him up. In a fit of rage 
Hariram went to Sethji's house and nearly killed him but for the timely 
intervention of Mukunda who also owed Sethji money. Hariram left, but not 
before threatening to kill Bhola Seth. That night while Hariram was asleep 
next to where his wife had been cremated and Mukunda broke into Sethjis 
house to steal his valuables. When Sethji tried to stop him he killed 
Sethji. Hariram was found guilty for this murder and sent to Delhi to await 
his death sentence. His distressed son, Rattan, not knowing how to save his 
innocent father meets Ghaseeta a pickpocket who had seen Hariram asleep in 
the crematorium. He relates the story to the police but they question his 
credibility. Uneducated Ghaseeta decides to go to Delhi with Rattan to plea 
Hariram's case before Pt. Nehru. Mukunda fears for his life and follows in 
pursuit of the child and his witness. A race begins between Ratta and the 
pickpocket and the real culprit as he attempts to stop them too. 
