Beethoven (2005) (V)

Even as a young boy, Beethoven marched to the beat of a different drummer. 
Trained in the traditional music methods by his father, Beethoven was an 
accomplished pianist by the age of 12. But he yearned to try new sounds and 
persevered until audiences heard his music. By his early twenties, this 
persistent young man performed for Joseph Haydn, who compared him to the 
great Mozart. Sadly, Beethoven began to lose his hearing, but he threw 
himself even more deeply into his music, composing "Fur Elise," "Sonata 
Pathetique" and the dramatic "Fifth Symphony" years later, audience members 
heard what he could not and leapt to their feet in ecstatic appreciation 
for such passionate music. His creativity gave the world then, as it does 
today, music that stirs the soul. The video begins in 1827 with 30,000 
people paying tribute to the great Beethoven in Vienna, Austria. Then the 
video switches to his life as a child. Beethoven was driven by his father 
without patience and love to practice playing the music of Mozart and Haydn 
on the piano; however, Beethoven preferred to improvise and play his own 
style of music. This enraged his father as it did many symphony patrons 
later in life. Beethoven was honored to be asked to move to Vienna and have 
Haydn as his instructor. After years of playing for royalty, Beethoven was 
frustrated that all the audiences wished only to hear music from Mozart and 
Haydn. So, Beethoven decided to move to the countryside where he could 
compose music as he wished. While living in the countryside, Beethoven 
noticed his hearing loss was getting more severe and feared going deaf. The 
world was going through a revolution. The America Colonies threw off the 
British Empire, and common people replaced the King and Queen of France. 
Beethoven believed that since the world was changing all around him that 
music should change also. Beethoven's performances were not embraced by the 
majority because of his visceral style and the war going on around him; 
however, Beethoven never gave up despite his despair and lack of 
encouragement. His courage to keep writing from the heart and his desire to 
play from the heart would eventually be accepted by the world. As a tribute 
to the soldiers, Beethoven was commissioned to write a symphony in honor of 
Wellington's victory over Napoleon. "The Wellington's Victory" was a 
favorite of the people of Vienna even though it was not one of Beethoven's 
favorites. Tragically, Beethoven's success could not be enjoyed. His health 
was fading quickly. In his last days, Beethoven finally wrote the symphony 
that touched his heart. The Ninth Symphony was his final work with the 
choral music put to Schiller's poem, "Ode to Joy." "Ode to Joy" spoke to 
the heart with words, and Beethoven's Ninth Symphony spoke to the heart 
with music. Sadly, Beethoven did not conduct his last piece of work because 
of his complete hearing loss. The applause was not heard by Beethoven; but 
the sight of the audience standing and continually applauding was 
Beethoven's acknowledgment of the appreciation felt by the Vienna people 
and the world. 
