Blood Diamond (2006)

A story following Archer, a man tortured by his roots. With a strong 
survival instinct, he has made himself a key player in the business of 
conflict diamonds. Political unrest is rampant in Sierra Leone as people 
fight tooth for tooth. Upon meeting Solomon, and the beautiful Maddy, 
Archer's life changes forever as he is given a chance to make peace with 
the war around him. 
In 1999, in Sierra Leone, the fisherman Solomon Vandy dreams on the day 
that his young son Dia Vandy will become a doctor. His dreams are shattered 
when the rebels invade his village and kidnap him to work in the diamond 
mines. Solomon finds a huge pink diamond and while hiding it, the 
commandant of the rebels sees, but the rebels are attacked and Salomon is 
arrested by the government army. While in jail, the wounded commandant tell 
the prisoners that Salomon found the stone, and the mercenary smuggler 
Danny Archer from Zimbabwe releases Salomon and proposes to exchange the 
diamond by his missing family. Using the idealistic American journalist 
Maddy Bowen, Danny locates the wife and daughters of Salomon in a refugee 
camp, but is informed that his son has been recruited by the rebels. 
Salomon and Danny consolidate a partnership, with Salomon looking for and 
finding his son, and Danny looking for the diamond and finding redemption. 
Set against the backdrop of civil war and chaos in 1990's Sierra Leone, 
Blood Diamond is the story of Danny Archer - an ex mercenary from Zimbabwe 
- and Solomon Vandy - a Mende fisherman. Both men are African, but their 
histories as different as any can be, until their fates become joined in a 
common quest to recover a rare pink diamond that can transform their lives. 
While in prison for smuggling, Archer learns that Solomon - who was taken 
from his family and forced to work in the diamond fields - has found and 
hidden the extraordinary rough stone. With the help of Maddy Bowen, an 
American journalist whose idealism is tempered by a deepening connection 
with Archer, the two men embark on a trek through rebel territory, a 
journey that could save Solomon's family and give Archer the second chance 
he thought he would never have. 
