Broken Blossoms or The Yellow Man and the Girl (1919)

Cheng Huan is a missionary whose goal is to bring the teachings of peace by 
Buddha to the civilized Anglo-Saxons. Upon landing in England, he is 
quickly disillusioned by the intolerance and apathy of the country. He 
becomes a storekeeper of a small shop. Out his window, he sees the young 
Lucy Burrows. She is regularly beaten by her prizefighter father, underfed 
and wears ragged clothes. Even in this deplorable condition, Cheng can see 
that she is a priceless beauty and he falls in love with her from afar. On 
the day that she passes out in front of his store, he takes her in and 
cares for her. With nothing but love in his heart, he dresses her in silks 
and provides food for her. Still weak, she stays in his shop that night and 
all that Cheng does is watch over her. The peace and happiness that he sees 
last only until Battling Burrows finds out that his daughter is with a 
foreigner. 
Fifteen year old Lucy, the illegitimate daughter of boxer and alcoholic 
Battling Burrows, was raised and still lives in the rough and tumble 
Limehouse District of East London. She is the lowest of the downtrodden in 
the neighborhood, often physically and mentally abused, especially by her 
father. The one person who treats her with respect is Chinese immigrant and 
shop owner Cheng Huan, who can see the beauty in her humanity. He 
originally moved to London to spread the word of Buddhism, however had been 
caught up in the debauchery common to the Limehouse before meeting Lucy, 
who transforms his life back to what it was. He nurses her after the latest 
beating by her father. Despite the purity of his love for her, a 
relationship of any kind between the two cannot be endorsed by society 
because of differences in age and especially race. When Battling discovers 
where his daughter is located, he comes to show the two his version of what 
is right. 
Young Lucy Battling lives under her father's iron rule. Out one day, she 
falls in love with Cheng Huan, newly arrived in London from China. This 
does not please her father, who attempts to break the bond by brute force. 
