Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1992)

Buffy Summers has the lifestyle any young woman could want. Cheerleading, 
dating the captain of the basketball team, and copious amounts of time 
spent shopping with friends. She had no idea of her true calling until a 
mysterious man named Merrick approached her and told her that she is the 
Slayer; one woman called to defend the world from vampires. Reluctant to 
concede to the fact, Buffy soon learns that Merrick speaks the truth and so 
begins to take her new life seriously while trying to maintain the sense of 
normality her life had once been. With her best friends slowly abandoning 
her, Buffy finds solace in the town outcast, Pike, who knows very well the 
terrors that have arisen. Together, they combat the forces of the old and 
powerful vampire, Lothos, who has his eyes set on Buffy. 
Buffy thinks very highly of her keen fashion-sense. In fact, fashion, 
cheerleading, movies and parties are all she ever thinks about. Then one 
day, Merrick approaches her; telling her she has a specific mission in life 
- killing vampires. What good is her "keen fashion-sense" in her new daily 
tasks? 
Buffy is an air-head cheerleader who is chosen by a guy named Merrick to 
fend the world of Vampires. When Merrick first informs Buffy that she is 
the "chosen one," she thinks he's crazy, but then strange things begin to 
happen. First, Buffy's friend Cassandra and many other kids form her school 
turn up missing and are later found "dead" with bite marks on their necks. 
After many other strange ocurrences, Buffy then realizes that those bite 
marks were made by vampires, and that they really are out there. She comes 
to to horrifying truth that she is the "chosen one." 
Buffy is a bimbo! She shops and shops and, well, shops! That is until one 
day she comes across a man who informs her that she is the chosen one!!! 
She has been chosen to kill vampires and must now train to do so! With the 
help of her instructor he learns the kicks, moves and attitude essential to 
any vampire killer. With the help of her friend, Pike (played by Luke 
Perry) she defeats the master vampire and saves the planet.... 
