Daredevil (2003)

Fate deals young orphan Matt Murdock a strange hand when he is doused with 
hazardous waste. The accident leaves Matt blind but also gives him a 
heightened "radar sense" that allows him to "see" far better than any man. 
Years later Murdock has grown into a man and becomes a respected criminal 
attorney. But after he's done his "day job" Matt takes on a secret identity 
as "The Man Without Fear," Daredevil, the masked avenger that patrols the 
neighborhood of Hell's Kitchen and New York City to combat the injustice 
that he cannot tackle in the courtroom. 
In the roughest part of New York City called "Hell's Kitchen", there lives 
a boy named Matt Murdock and his father, who is a boxer. One day, Matt ran 
into a industrial accident and became blind after his eyes were exposed to 
a toxic chemical, but it also gave him other supernatural senses. Then, his 
father was killed by a mysterious figure. Matt, who is now a lawyer by day, 
he is also, Daredevil who hunts criminals by night. He then, met and fell 
in love with Elektra Natchios, a daughter of a wealthy tycoon. But, what 
Matt does not know is that a wealthy executive going by the name "Kingpin". 
Has hired another super-enhanced human named "Bullseye", who always hits 
his target. To eliminate Daredevil and Elektra. Now, the 2 must stop 
Bullseye and the Kingpin. 
Blinded by toxic waster when he was a young boy, Matt Murdock (Affleck) has 
gained enhancements in the remaining senses. With his father murdered, he 
sees this as a perfect opportunity to fight crime and help the New York 
City. He becomes Daredevil, and every night risks life to stop those 
escaping prison. One person who is still free is the biggest crime lord in 
New York, the Kingpin (Duncan). Whilst working as a lawyer, Matt becomes 
the masked hero to track down the Kingpin before anyone else he loves is 
taken out. 
He dwells in a world of external night--but the blackness is filled with 
sounds and scents, tastes and textures that most cannot perceive. Although 
attorney Matt Murdock is blind, his other four senses function with 
superhuman sharpness. By day, Murdock represents the downtrodden. At night 
he is Daredevil, a masked vigilante stalking the dark streets of the city, 
a relentless avenger of justice. For Daredevil justice is blind--and for 
the guilty, there's hell to pay. 
Matt Murdock is a lawyer who was blinded during a chemical accident when he 
was a kid. However, after that accident his other senses were heightened to 
a superhuman degree making him the costumed hero known as Daredevil. When 
Daredevil goes against the Kingpin, who is the biggest crime lord in New 
York, he comes across Kingpin's newest recruit, the lunatic killer Bullseye 
who is famous for his targeting skills. Bullseye is so dangerous that he 
can turn any object into a weapon and he never misses his target. 
