Dayavan (1988)

This is the story of two childhood buddies who grew up on the wrong side of 
the tracks, in a shanty town. one of them (Vinod khanna) becomes a sort of 
'godfather' for the locals. One day he is taken to a brothel by his friend 
(Feroz Khan), where he meets a young prostitute (Madhuri Dixit). He is 
impressed by her ambition to educate herself, and she is impressed by his 
honorable nature. They fall in love and get married the next day. However, 
their happiness is short-lived, as the gangster lifestyle begins to take 
its toll. 
After having witnessed his dad being killed by the local South Indian 
police, and being orphaned and homeless, Shakti Velhu developes a hate, and 
distrust of the police in India. He is befriended by another homeless boy 
named Shanker, who asks him to accompany him to Bombay's slumlands, where 
they live with a kind-hearted Muslim named Karim Lala, and his daughter, 
Shama. This is where Shakti and Shankar spend their childhood. When they 
mature, they take to petty crime. Here too, Shakti witnesses police 
brutality and atrocities, especially at the hands of sadistic, alcoholic, 
and womanizing Police Inspector Ratan Singh. When Karim Lala is arrested, 
jailed, and found hanging by his neck in police custody, Shakti hunts down 
Ratan Singh, and kills him in broad daylight in front of the several 
hundred people. An investigation is launched, but no one comes forward as a 
witness. Thus Shakti gets his reputation as a Don with a good heart viz. 
Dayavan. Shakti marries local prostitute, Neelu, and has two children, 
Suraj and Sarita. He becomes even more powerful and influential all over 
Bombay, and his working partners are powerful criminal dons who have ruled 
over Bombay for eons. Shakti eventually replaces these dons, and becomes 
Bombay's only Don. This creates enemies for him and his family, but he 
believes since he has not really done any harm to anyone, he and his family 
will be safe. It is this belief that will take a heavy toll on his life and 
that of his family, when the truth dawns that he, himself, is responsible 
for being kind to a man, who will ultimately bring forward ruin to the 
Velhu family. 
