Deep Impact (1998)

Journalist Jenny Lerner is assigned to look into the background of 
Secretary Alan Rittenhouse who abruptly resigned from government citing his 
wife's ill health. She learns from his secretary that Rittenhouse was 
having an affair with someone named Ellie but when she confronts him, his 
strange reaction leads her to reconsider her story. In fact, a meteor, 
discovered the previous year by high school student Leo Biederman and 
astronomer Dr. Marcus Wolf, is on a collision course with the Earth, am 
Extinction Level Event. A joint US-Russian team is sent to destroy the 
meteor but should it fail, special measures are to be put in place to 
secure the future of mankind. As the space mission progresses, many 
individuals deal with their fears and ponder their future. 
As a comet is on a collision course with earth, humans have to prepare for 
their survival. They randomly select eight hundred thousand people to be 
saved in order to keep the human race alive. 
A teenage astronomer and his teacher discover an object amongst the stars 
at night. Little do they know that it's a comet on a direct collision 
course for earth. After the teacher dies in a car crash trying to report 
his findings the President announces the comet's existence. He also states 
that there is no need to panic, because NASA is going to send astronauts on 
the space mission, Messiah. Their mission is to destroy the comet before it 
gets too close to the earth. When Messiah backfires, the President 
announces that special caves will have to be built, and the government will 
have to have a lottery-of-fate to randomly select 800,000 ordinary American 
citizens to go along with 200,000 scientists, soldiers, and other 
officials. These 1,000,000 people will be set aside to save the population 
from extinction when the comet hits. 
A young man who's part of his school's astronomy club sees something in the 
sky that is not known. So they take a picture of it and send it to their 
adviser who, upon seeing it, jumps into his car and crashes. A year later a 
reporter who's investigating why a member of the President's cabinet 
resigns when she goes to speak to him he says he wants to be with his 
family. Later she's brought before the President who asks her to keep what 
she knows under wraps for now. She convinces him to call a Press Conference 
so that he can tell everyone what's going on. Later at a Press Conference, 
the President announces that a year ago that two astronomers discovered 
something; a comet. And eventually that it's course will take it to earth 
but the problem is that the comet is so big that if it strikes it will 
cause what is known as an Extinction Level Event which will wipe out all 
life on the planet. And he announces that for sometime the government along 
with a few others have been building a vessel that will sent to intercept 
the comet. The reporter then asks the President if the reason why his 
Cabinet member resigned is because he doesn't believe the plan will work. 
The President assures them that they have thought it out carefully. In the 
meantime the young man who found the comet is being hailed as a hero. And 
the crew who's going to stop the comet makes their farewells to their 
families. 
