Drop Zone (1994)

A team of skydiving crooks led by DEA-agent-turned-bad Busey specialize in 
landing on police roofs and breaking in so their evil computer nerd can 
steal undercover agents' files and sell them to drug lords. Federal Marshal 
Snipes lost a brother to this crew and learns skydiving with the help of 
tough-but-lovable instructor Butler so he can track them down. DIE HARD 
meets PASSENGER 57 meets CLIFFHANGER. 
Aboard a commercial airliner, U.S. Marshall Pete Nessip and his brother 
Terry, a fellow marshal, are escorting prison inmate Earl Leedy, who is a 
computer wizard, to a high-security prison. When an apparent terrorist 
hijack attempt blows a hole in the airplane, Terry is sucked out to his 
death, and the terrorists parachute out of the same hole, taking Leedy with 
them. A devastated Pete is blamed for overreacting to the incident, and 
he's forced to turn in his badge. Pete believes that the assault may have 
been an elaborate prison break meant to free Leedy. Renegade skydiver and 
former DEA agent Ty Moncrief is the mastermind behind the attack, which 
culminated in the first-ever parachute jump from a commercial jet at 30,000 
feet. Ty plans to use Leedy to hack into the DEA mainframe computer in 
Washington DC, so Ty can auction off the names of undercover agents to drug 
cartels worldwide. Ty has scheduled this to be accomplished during an 
Independence Day parachute exhibition and fireworks display, which is the 
one day every year when security is loosened around the airspace above 
Washington DC. Because skydiving played a part in the airplane hijacking, 
Pete finds his way to Jessie Crossman, a world-class skydiver and ex-con, 
whose ex-husband Jagger, unknown to all, is part of Ty's crew. Jessie 
agrees to train Pete how to skydive, if he will sponsor her team for the 
parachute exhibition. When Jessie's parachuting friend Selkirk is severely 
injured after using a faulty parachute that Ty had intended for Jessie to 
use, Pete is appointed to take Selkirk's place. When Jagger is found dead, 
tangled in some high-voltage power lines, it's obvious that his death was a 
murder engineered by Ty, and with Pete's help, Jessie seeks revenge on Ty. 
U.S. Marshall Pete Nesbitt and his brother, Terry also a marshall is 
escorting a computer criminal Earl Leedy when all of a sudden a highjacking 
on the plane they are on occurs. Now Leedy and Terry are sucked out of the 
plane when Pete discharges his weapon and a hole in the plane is made. 
Nesbitt is blamed for the whole thing and is suspended. Now Terry's dead 
and Leedy, whose body hasn't been found is believed to be. But what they 
don't know is that Leedy is now with some people who want to use his 
computer skills. Pete doesn't believe that Leedy is dead and that the whole 
thing was to spring Leedy. So he turns to Jess Crossman, a skydiver, for 
help on who may have done this whole thing. 
US Marshal Pete Nessip and his brother Terry, also a US Marshal are 
assigned to escort convicted computer hacker Earl Leedy to a top-security 
prison. But the commercial airliner Pete and Terry are on-board is hijacked 
by a group of terrorists led by renegade DEA agent Ty Moncrief who kidnaps 
Leedy and Terry is killed. Beliving Leedy is dead, Pete is held responsible 
for the incident and is suspended. Pete sets out to track down the 
terrorists, and turns to help from professional skydiver Jesse Crossman 
(Whose ex-husband Jagger is one of the terrorists working with Ty), where 
Jesse and her team are taking part in a Independence Day skydiving show in 
Washington D.C, where airspace security is at minimum. Where Ty plans to 
use Leedy to hack into the DEA mainframe computer to expose the identities 
of undercover DEA agents to international drug rings. When Jagger is killed 
by Ty and Selkirk, one of Jesse's team members is injured, Pete and Jesse 
team up to stop Ty and his associates, and both Pete and Jesse can get 
their revenge. 
