Finkle's Odyssey (2007)

This is the story of Finkle, an unfortunate young writer whose inspiration 
has dried up. His concentration is constantly diverted to a small hole that 
has recently appeared in his ceiling that secretes an unsettling slime. 
Finkle is called upon by a mysterious salesman named Swallows who produces 
a suitcase containing test tubes that he claims are each filled with ideas. 
Finkle uncorks one of the tubes and releases the 'idea'. Within seconds of 
the 'trial treatment' Finkle agrees to purchase the entire case! On closer 
inspection it seems the 'Idea' is actually a living microscopic mite. Once 
again he sits down to write. This time he releases the cork and sits back 
awaiting 'inspiration'. While waiting he falls asleep and the mite escapes. 
In attempting to re-capture the elusive idea, the rest of the test tubes 
break and all the ideas escape into the mysterious orifice. Not one idea is 
saved. Finkle investigates and gets sucked up into the organic innards of 
this unknown entity. He pushes himself through the passageway that 
resembles a vast, overgrown intestine. His progress however, is soon 
thwarted by a dormant body blocking his path that appears to be another 
version of himself. Finkle begins the excruciating task of pushing himself 
along with everything else through the hole which we soon discover leads 
back into his bedsit. It seems however, that as soon as the clutter reaches 
the opening, it is secreted out into his room as an unknown pulpy, slop. 
Eventually Finkle reaches the opening and finds himself back in his bedsit. 
As he plummets back down into his room, he in turn falls into the now 
enormous mountain of pulp that has gathered onto his desk. He delves into 
the pulp and discovers that actually it is none other than a mountain of 
freshly digested words. On his sleeve he discovers the word 'story'. Finkle 
sets out to cover his entire room with the words before finally sitting 
back down to write 
Struggling young writer Finkle is so hampered by his inability to create he 
will go to any length in his search for his inspiration. His dream draws 
closer when a salesman sells him a suitcase full of ideas. These ideas are 
actually living incarnations of the word and it is these microscopic mites 
guide him to a mysterious orifice living in his ceiling through which he 
must enter in order to end his torment 
