Her Own Country (1912)

The Mendez family, never having a child of their own, had raised the orphan 
daughter of an American ranger. Proud and arrogant themselves, they had 
tried to impart to their ward a spirit of intolerance for all things, 
excepting family pride and traditions, but in this they had failed. The 
crisis came in Viola's life with the arrival of Juan Corte, a cousin of the 
family. Meeting the unsophisticated girl, he desires to have her for his 
wife. His suit is looked upon with great favor by her Spanish foster 
parents. But Viola startles them all by an indignant refusal. She steals 
out in the dead of night in an effort to escape and she becomes lost in the 
desert, where she is discovered by an American ranger, who places her on 
his horse and brings her to his camp. In the morning she tells him her 
story and he determines to shield her from her foster-parents and lay siege 
to her heart. Leaving her comfortable at the camp he goes out to hunt. When 
her absence is discovered, all is confusion and Juan Corte declares he will 
pursue her, bring her back and compel her to accede to marry him. He finds 
the right trail and coming upon the girl in the camp of the ranger, he 
seizes her and returns to the hacienda. Once within, the ponderous gate is 
locked and with the key in his possession the enraged Spaniard taunts the 
poor girl, telling her that on the morrow they will repair to the Mission 
and be married. Viola determines to make one more attempt to escape. 
Charlie Dexter, the ranger, returns to his camp and seeing the horses 
tracks and signs of the struggle, at once surmises what has happened. He, 
in turn, follows the trail and comes to the hacienda. He hears Viola 
fumbling with the gate and calls out cautiously. She answers him and he 
knows he is on the right track. Carefully scaling the wall, he drops beside 
her. they start for the small side gate, when they are discovered by Juan, 
who rushes at the American intruder, poniard in hand. Dexter plants a blow 
directly between Juan's eyes and he drops unconscious. Mendez aroused by 
the struggle, hurries to the gate with a gun, but already the American is 
mounted, speeding away with his countrywoman to a life of happiness. 
