Il buono, il brutto, il cattivo. (1966)

Blondie (The Good) is a professional gunslinger who is out trying to earn a 
few dollars. Angel Eyes (The Bad) is a hit man who always commits to a task 
and sees it through, as long as he is paid to do so. And Tuco (The Ugly) is 
a wanted outlaw trying to take care of his own hide. Tuco and Blondie share 
a partnership together making money off Tuco's bounty, but when Blondie 
unties the partnership, Tuco tries to hunt down Blondie. When Blondie and 
Tuco comes across a horse carriage loaded with dead bodies, they soon learn 
from the only survivor (Bill Carson) that he and a few other men have 
buried a stash of gold in a cemetery. Unfortunately Carson dies and Tuco 
only finds out the name of the cemetery, while Blondie finds out the name 
on the grave. Now the two must keep each other alive in order to find the 
gold. Angel Eyes (who had been looking for Bill Carson) discovers that Tuco 
and Blondie meet with Carson and knows they know the location of the gold. 
All he needs is for the two to lead him to it. Now The Good, The Bad and 
The Ugly must all battle it out to get their hands on $200,000 worth of 
gold. 
During the American Civil War, three men set off to find $200,000 in buried 
gold coins. Zuco and Blondie have known each other for some time now having 
used the reward on Zuco's head as a way of earning money. They come across 
a dying man, jack Carson, who tells them of a treasure in gold coins. By 
chance, he tells Zuco the name of the cemetery and tells Blondie the name 
of the grave where the gold is buried. Now rivals, the two men have good 
reason to keep each other alive. The third man, Angel Eyes, hears of the 
gold stash from someone he's been hired to kill. All he knows is to look 
for for someone named Jack Carson. The three ultimately meet in a showdown 
that takes place amid a major battle between Confederate and Union forces. 
The Good is Blondie, a wandering gunman with a strong personal sense of 
honor. The Bad is Angel Eyes, a sadistic hitman who always hits his mark. 
The Ugly is Tuco, a Mexican bandit who's always only looking out for 
himself. Against the backdrop of the Civil War, they search for a fortune 
in gold buried in a graveyard. Each knows only a portion of the gold's 
exact location, so for the moment they're dependent on each other. However, 
none are particularly inclined to share... 
