Inception (2010)

Dom Cobb is a skilled thief, the absolute best in the dangerous art of 
extraction, stealing valuable secrets from deep within the subconscious 
during the dream state, when the mind is at its most vulnerable. Cobb's 
rare ability has made him a coveted player in this treacherous new world of 
corporate espionage, but it has also made him an international fugitive and 
cost him everything he has ever loved. Now Cobb is being offered a chance 
at redemption. One last job could give him his life back but only if he can 
accomplish the impossible-inception. Instead of the perfect heist, Cobb and 
his team of specialists have to pull off the reverse: their task is not to 
steal an idea but to plant one. If they succeed, it could be the perfect 
crime. But no amount of careful planning or expertise can prepare the team 
for the dangerous enemy that seems to predict their every move. An enemy 
that only Cobb could have seen coming. 
Dominic Cobb is an industrial spy who instead of breaking into a person's 
home, office, or even computer, gets the information he needs by getting 
into the person's mind through their dreams. Cobb is also a fugitive who 
misses his children. Someone approaches Cobb and wants to hire him but 
instead of getting information out, the man wants Cobb to implant 
something, a process called 'inception', which is not easy to do. Cobb is 
hesitant to do it but when the man offers to help Cobb go back to his 
children, Cobb agrees. So he assembles his team but when they begin, there 
are things Cobb didn't tell his team that could jeopardize the job and when 
they occur they're not sure if they should continue. 
Corporate espionage. Cobb can invade people's dreams, so corporations hire 
him to steal business secrets from rivals' subconscious. Saito, an energy 
magnate, wants Cobb to do the reverse: not take information, but plant an 
idea in a rival's mind. In return, he'll fix problems with the US 
government so Cobb can return to his children. Cobb takes the 
near-impossible job, planning three layers of dreams within dreams for the 
mark. It requires a larger team taking a powerful sedative: if something 
goes awry, the dreamers may not awake. Cobb doesn't tell his team that his 
past nurtures feelings powerful enough to bring on this comatose state for 
all of them. And the children - are they real? 
Dom Cobb is able to use his unique skills to his advantage - he can enter 
people's minds through their dreams and thereby learn their secrets. He is 
a thief for hire but Japanese businessman Mr. Saito has a somewhat 
different proposition for him. He wants Cobb to enter the mind of Robert 
Fischer Jr., who is about to inherit his father's massive business empire, 
to plant a simple notion: to break-up his father's conglomerate and sell it 
off. In return, Saito will make it possible for Cobb to freely return to 
the US where he is currently wanted by the police. Cobb accepts and 
assembles his team with a plan to plant the idea deep in Fisher's mind by 
generating a series of dreams within dreams so that he eventually thinks he 
came up with the idea himself. As the intended deception grows ever more 
complex, Cobb has to deal with his own emotions and feelings of guilt, 
which are projecting themselves into the dreamspace. Cobb has to deal with 
the eventual question of what is real and what is only a dream. 
