Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles (1994)

It hadn't even been a year since a plantation owner named Louis had lost 
his wife in childbirth. Both his wife and the infant died, and now he has 
lost his will to live. A vampire named Lestat takes a liking to Louis and 
offers him the chance to become a creature of the night: a vampire. Louis 
accepts, and Lestat drains Louis' mortal blood and then replaces it with 
his own, turning Louis into a vampire. Louis must learn from Lestat the 
ways of the vampire. 
In 1791, plantation owner Louis outside New Orleans has lost his courage to 
live. He gets bitten by the vampire Lestat and is himself turned into one. 
He hates being a vampire and refuses to kill humans. Louis and Lestat turn 
a little girl, Claudia, into a vampire, and together they live on through 
the centuries. 
This movie centers around two vampires. One longs for a companion, while 
the other cannot bear to kill humans to satisfy its hunger. It's about a 
vampire who gives a down-on-his-luck man a choice to either live eternally 
or die. The man's decision causes him to regret many of the things that he 
does in his life to come. 
A night in San Francisco, during our time: A young journalist follows a man 
through the streets and they end up in an anonymous room. When the 
journalist starts to interview the man, the stranger tells him that he is a 
vampire, being over 200 years old. The journalist doesn't believe him, but 
after the man proves it's true, he tells his story: His name is Louis and 
in 18th century New Orleans he was 24, by this time owner of an estate and 
a widower already. One night, when he once again was destroying himself by 
drinking and other things, he was found by Lestat, a vampire, who bit him. 
But even after becoming a vampire, life wasn't fun for Louis until one 
night he met a little girl, Claudia, who would change his existence 
forever. 
In 1791, plantation owner Louis De Pointe Du Lac is unhappy with the life 
he has, until Lestat De Lioncourt comes into his life. Lestat, a vampire, 
allows Louis to make the decision of either death or life as a vampire 
forever. And not until his decision is already made, does Louis realize 
what he has become. He refuses to take human life and is about to leave 
when Lestat, being the clever being that he is, turns a little orphan girl 
into a vampire to make Louis stay. The story is told by Louis in 1991 to an 
interviewer about the lives of himself, Lestat and Claudia through trouble, 
death, curse and love over the past 200 years. 
