It Remains Unsaid (2011)

Grace is having an affair and can't make it stop. She would if she could, 
but she is being held hostage by her subconscious which is sending her 
dreams that become hotter and more lusty with each night. The concerning 
part is that they all star her best friend Sage and the intensity of her 
nighttime experiences are creating more than a bit of confusion for Grace. 
The fact that Sage is spending more time at Grace's apartment doesn't help, 
as Grace awakens to her dream-time lover sleeping next to her in a purely 
platonic manner. Grace, composed with a smile that keeps any unruly 
feelings at bay, attempts to proceed with her friendship as usual which 
proves difficult with Sage, whose intense and flirtatious nature can 
minimally give off mixed messages. Grace's confidant, her new-age geek 
childhood friend Richy, is adamant that Grace's next evolutionary step is 
to profess her feelings immediately to Sage, even though Grace insists that 
she doesn't even know if they exist outside her dreams. Tensions are raised 
as Grace's lackluster boyfriend Joe, in a quick swoop of manipulation, 
convinces her to move to Portland with him where he promises to find his 
record deal and adventure for both of them. Sage catches wind of the 
exchange and is furious, leaving Grace to realize what is at risk with her 
decision to go along with Joe's idea. Richy insists that she must take 
action, but Grace feels resolved to her fate until a night without dreams 
of Sage stirs her to finally realize that her feelings don't simply exist 
as some subconscious metaphor, she is in love with Sage. It all culminates 
at Richy's "Party of Love", where Love potion and varieties of intoxicating 
elements bring Grace to finally attempt to open up to Sage about her 
feelings. Before she can get the words fully out of her mouth Sage jumps 
the gun. While it seems her dreams are coming true, Grace is left again 
with the choice of following someone else's lead or recognizing the truth 
of what she wants. What is it that Grace is truly hungering for? Will true 
love be within her reach 
