Kanoon (1960)

A young lawyer accidentally witnesses his prospective father-in-law, a 
respected judge, murdering a moneylender. A burglar who stumbles across the 
body is then arrested for the murder and is put on trial before the judge's 
court, leaving the lawyer with a moral dilemma. Thus giving rise to more 
burden on the story and a series of events to unfold the future. 
A young lawyer accidently witnesses his prospective father-in-law, a 
respected judge, murdering a moneylender. A burglar who stumbles across the 
body is then arrested for the murder and is put on trial before the judge's 
court, leaving the lawyer with a moral dilemma. 
Kalidas is a killer arrested by the police for murder. He is up for trial 
in the Court of Judge Badri Prasad, and he pleads guilty. He also informs 
the Court that he has already been convicted of the same crime 10 years ago 
when the Courts sentenced him for killing the very same man who has died at 
his hands recently. The Court is shocked at this erroneous decision, which 
may well have led Kalidas to the gallows for a crime he did not commit. 
Justices Badri Prasad and Jha continue this discussion after the 
proceedings are over and both take a bet that one of them could get away 
with murder. Shortly thereafter, a money-lender named Dhaniram is killed. A 
man, Kaalia, is arrested by the police, is in custody and is accused of 
killing Dhaniram. But Kaalia claims that he only went to rob Dhaniram's 
house, and did not kill him. Advocate Kailash Khanna comes to the defense 
of Kalidas and enters a plea of not guilty on his behalf. Kailash is the 
prospective son--in-law of Judge Prasad as he is in love with his daughter, 
Meena. Throughout the proceedings, Kailash closely watches Judge Prasad as 
the Public Prosecutor goes on lay evidence upon evidence to prove that it 
was Kaalia who killed Dhaniram. Then when Khanna's turn comes, he points 
his finger accusingly at Prasad and accuses him of killing Dhaniram. There 
is furore in the Courtroom and subsequently in the media, as Prasad steps 
down and lets Jha take over the proceedings. Then there is a sudden turn of 
events when suddenly Kaalia informs the Court that it was he, and he alone 
that killed Dhaniram. It is now up to Khanna to decide to wean the truth 
out of this matter, or just accept the turn of events and carry on with 
this life. 
All law is based on human evidence, and since human beings are what they 
are, their evidence cannot be infallible. Is it therefore justifiable to 
take the life of one man on the evidence of another? Judge Badri Prasad 
(Ashok Kumar) has a son, Vijay, and a daughter, Meena, who is engaged to a 
Public Prosecutor, Kailash Khanna (Rajendra Kumar). Being extravagant, 
Vijay gets into debt with Dhaniram, a vicious moneylender. Unable to tell 
his father, he goes to Meena and asks her to send Kailash to plead with 
Dhaniram, which she does. However, as Kailash arrives at the moneylender's 
house, he spots the Judge approaching; this being a delicate matter, he 
hides himself. But to his horror, he witnesses the Judge murdering Dhaniram 
- and to make matters worse, a petty thief who just happens to be around is 
arrested for the crime! Kailash, dumbfounded to see that the thief's trial 
takes place in Judge Prasad's court itself, decided to defend the innocent 
man. But now he is faced with the dilemma of trying to save the innocent 
thief's life; but at the same time knowing who the real murderer is, but 
being unable to expose him. 
