Last Action Hero (1993)

Young Danny Madigan is a big fan of Jack Slater, a larger-than-life action 
hero played by Arnold Schwarzenegger. When his best friend, Nick the 
projectionist, gives him a magic ticket to the new Jack Slater film, Danny 
is transported into Slater's world, where the good guys always win. One of 
Slater's enemies, Benedict the hitman, gets hold of the ticket and ends up 
in Danny's world, where he realises that if he can kill Schwarzenegger, 
Slater will be no more. Slater and Danny must travel back and stop him. 
This is the story of young Danny Madigan who is a huge fan of Jack Slater, 
a larger-than-life action hero played by Arnold Schwarzenegger. When his 
best friend, Nick the projectionist, gives him a magic ticket to the newest 
Jack Slater film, Danny is transported into Slater's world, his number one 
hero where the good guys always win. It's a dream come true for Danny, but 
things take a turn for the worst when one of Slater's enemies, Benedict the 
hitman, gets a hold of the ticket and ends up in Danny's world, where he 
realizes that if he can kill Arnold Schwarzenegger, then Slater will be no 
more! Slater and Danny must join forces and travel back and stop him at all 
costs before it'll be the end of Jack Slater! 
Danny Madigan knows all the first 3 Jack Slater movies in and out. The 4th 
one is just about to be released too, and with a magical ticket Danny 
really gets to know that movie in and out too, literaly speaking. During 
one of the action climaxes Danny is transported into the movie, into a 
world following other rules than the real one. Benedict, one of the evil 
guys, gets hold of the ticket and escapes out to the real world, a world 
where evil guys can actually win. Danny and Jack follows him back to the 
real world to get back the ticket and stop Benedict from killing the actor 
playing Jack. 
Danny Madigan is a big movie buff. While watching an action movie, Danny's 
magic ticket transports him inside the movie alongside his number one hero 
Jack Slater. Its a dream come true for Danny, but things take a turn for 
the worst when a movie villain gets hold of the ticket and escapes into the 
real world. Danny and Jack must stop him by traveling to the real world 
where the bad guys can win. 
