Le petit poucet (1901)

THE POOR WOODSMAN. The seven children of the poor woodsman form a dejected 
group around their hearthstone. The youngest, the hero of our story, raises 
two empty wooden bowls from the table and thus demonstrates that the 
cupboard is bare. The father and mother come in and after the children are 
sent to bed, discuss some means of providing for them; they cannot bear the 
sight of the little ones starving before their eyes, so decide to lose them 
in the dark forest. Tom Thumb in the meantime has hidden himself under the 
table and overhears what is to befall him and his brothers. LOST IN THE 
FOREST. Early the next morning the woodsman and his wife conduct their 
family to the gloomy woods. Tom Thumb drops crumbs along the way, hoping by 
this means to retrace his step. While the children are gathering faggots 
the parents steal away unobserved. As soon as the brothers discover that 
they are left alone, our hero climbs a tree in order to command a wider 
view, but can see nothing of them. The breadcrumbs do not serve their 
purpose for the birds have devoured them, so the children wander in vain 
through the dense woods. THE OGRE'S HOUSE. As night falls Tom Thumb 
perceives a light, and on following it they come to a large house, which is 
the home of a dreadful Ogre. His kindhearted wife hides the seven boys in a 
large chest, just before her husband's return. But soon the Ogre smells the 
fresh meat and discovering their hiding place, pulls Tom Thumb from his 
retreat, then thrusts him back to reserve the feast for the next day. TOM 
THUMB'S RUSE. The Ogre's seven daughters, each wearing her crown, are seen 
safely to bed by their mother. After they fall asleep the woodsman's 
children troop in and occupy the other large bed. Tom Thumb has the 
brilliant idea of changing his cap and those of his companions in 
misfortune for the crowns of the Ogre's daughters. As soon as this is 
accomplished the drunken Ogre staggers in and, spying the heads with the 
caps, cuts them off with a single blow. When the Ogre disappears the 
children escape from the house. TAKING AWAY THE BOOTS. The Ogre dons his 
seven-league boots and pursues the fugitives. At last becoming fatigued, he 
falls asleep near the entrance to a cave where the children are hiding. 
With much difficulty Tom Thumb draws the boots from the Ogre's feet and 
sending the other children home, returns to the Ogre's house. The Ogre 
awakens, but is helpless without his boots, as the stones cut his bare 
feet. TOM THUMB REWARDED. Tom Thumb, aided by the Ogre's magic boots, 
reaches his destination. The wife is in tears over the fate of her 
daughters, but when Tom Thumb represents that her husband is captured by 
brigands, she gives him a bag of money and jewels for the Ogre's ransom, 
and a talisman which shall invoke a fairy at his command. TOM THUMB'S 
RETURN. Tom Thumb returns to his parents shortly after his brothers' 
arrival, and after a joyful family reunion presents his gifts to his 
mother. By means of the talisman he summons the good fairy, who transforms 
the hut into a palace and bestows boundless wealth and happiness upon the 
humble family. 
