Legacy (2010/II)

Ari Larsen has resurfaced after a five year absence, still harboring the 
memories of a childhood no little girl should ever experience. Kidnapped at 
the age of eleven by her serial killer father, Professor David Larson, and 
taken on a three week Odyssey of murder and savagery before being abandon 
in the desert, physically unharmed, but left to carry her emotional scars 
into adulthood, one terrible fact forever burns in Ari's mind; her father 
has never been captured. Ari's book, "Daddy's Girl", became a New York 
Times best seller, and her bizarrely beautiful photography garnered her 
national attention before the age of twenty. But her past was a weight too 
heavy to bare, and fame only made it worse. So, without a word, she 
vanished. Now, the beautiful young woman with the haunted past has returned 
home (to the same house where her father brutally murdered her mother), 
hoping to lead something resembling a normal life. But the news media is 
unwilling to leave her to it. She agrees to do an interview with famed 
Tabloid TV personality Tandi Lewis, in an effort to dispel rumors that she 
has become a drugged out lunatic. Ari wants to return to her photography 
(now somewhat less disturbing), and hopes the interview will help show the 
art world she's ready to get back to work. But Tandi is only interested in 
Ari's past, and the interview takes on a gruesome edge, edited to make Ari 
appear completely insane. Then, a new nightmare enters Ari's world. After 
the interview airs on national TV, young women begin turning up dead in 
Ari's little town. The killer's MO: exactly the same as Ari's father's had 
been years before. Is there a copycat on the loose? Has Professor Larsen 
returned to resume his reign of terror? Or is Ari really the lunatic that 
Tandi Lewis has made her out to be? These are questions Ari herself seems 
incapable of answering in her own mind, as her dreams find her not only a 
witness to these horrible crimes (as she had been as a child), but with 
reoccurring images of her own hand holding the bloody knife. 
