Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome (1985)

Bartertown is a city on the edge of a desert that has managed to retain 
some technology if no civilization. Max has his supplies stolen and must 
seek shelter there in a post apocalypse world where all machines have begun 
to break down and barbarians hold what is left. He becomes involved in a 
power struggle in this third Mad Max film where he must first survive the 
town, survive the desert and then rescue the innocent children he has 
discovered. 
When his vehicle and all his possessions are looted by the eccentric pilot 
Jerediah and his son Jerediah Jr. The Road Warrior known as Max Rockatansky 
arrives in the desert town "Bartertown" ruled by the evil Aunt Entity, 
where people living in the post-apocalyptic Australian outback go to trade 
for food, water, weapons and supplies. After being forced to fight Master 
Blaster, a tiny man and his masked muscle-man in "Thunderdome" a gladiator 
like arena, when being caught up in a power struggle for control for 
Bartertown. Max is banished into the desert wasteland, where he is rescued 
by a tribe of children, who thinks Max is a pilot named Captain Walker, who 
is the chosen one who will take the children to the promised land "Tomorrow 
Morrow Land", and learns the children are survivors of a plane crash and 
Captain Walker was their leader. Agreeing to help the children in their 
search for "Tomorrow Morrow Land", Max and the children set off across the 
desert wastelands and returns to Bartertown, where Max has score to settle 
with Aunt Entity. 
Robbed of his possessions whilst travelling through the Australian outback, 
Max manages to stumble upon Bartertown, a trading post for all manner of 
criminals and governed by Aunt Entity and Master Blaster. He is forced to 
fight on behalf of Aunt Entity in order that she gain complete control of 
the town, but he is thrown back out into the desert when the fight is over. 
He then stumbles upon a group of orphans, the only survivors of a plane 
crash during the nuclear war and with their help he returns to Bartertown. 
Mad Max is a former cop who finds himself in a post-apocolyptic desert town 
called Bartertown. He is hired by the leader of the city to fight in a 
gladiator like arena called Thunderdome, so he can kill Auntie's rival 
master blaster. He is later banished and finds a group of children that 
survived a plane crash during the war. They believe he is their former 
pilot Captain Walker. Some of the children leave to find their fabled 
tomorrow morrow land. So Mad Max has to save them from the desert and from 
Auntie's Bartertown. 
