Mend (2007) (V)

Desperate to escape a self-destructive existence, Wesley (Jay Sullivan) 
takes an experimental anti-depressant called Elotane. When the medication 
produces adverse side effects, Harold (Tom Sawyer), Wesley's ex-coworker, 
seems to be the only one who can reach him. He sympathizes with his ordeal, 
yet is motivated for entirely different reasons. Ultimately, Harold must 
decide whether to assist or destroy Wesley's path to alleviation. Mend is a 
psychological drama exploring a man's struggle to transcend suicide and 
forbidden love. 
In the South Coast region of Maine, four young friends will make a decision 
that will change their lives forever. They decide to move to the borough of 
Queens, New York. For Wesley Orchard, a drifter and aspiring commercial 
photographer, the move is an opportunity to work at Tricor, a New York 
based photography studio. Laura, his cousin and fellow photographer, is 
convinced to make the move as well. For her, New York is an escape from an 
emotionally traumatic upbringing. Peter, their childhood friend and 
overachiever, recently received his PHD in Pharmacology and will fulfill 
his dream to work for Veratech, one of the largest prescription drug 
companies on the East Coast. Samantha, Wesley's sister and Peter's 
girlfriend, feels that New York is the only place that can support her 
spirited personality. Together they make the journey that will alter their 
lives forever. Four long months go by and the group must deal with Laura's 
recent suicide as well as their own financial insecurities. The circle 
deteriorates and Wesley sinks into a self-destructive existence. Fearing 
the worst, Peter offers him an anti-depressant called Elotane, manufactured 
by an unknown drug company called The Gregory Group. Wesley agrees, yet 
falls deeper into hopelessness once the medication produces adverse side 
effects. Harold, Wesley's ex-coworker at Tricor, seems to be the only one 
who can reach him. He sympathizes with his ordeal, yet is motivated for 
entirely different reasons. Ultimately, Harold must decide whether to 
assist or destroy Wesley's path to alleviation. Mend is a pyschological 
drama exploring a man's struggle to transcend suicide and forbidden love. 
