Orphans of the Street (1938)

Orphaned Tommy Ryan is informed that the money from his father's estate has 
run out, and he will have to leave the Holbrook Military Academy. Bunting, 
the dour superintendent,forces Tommy to leave his dog, Skippy, behind. But 
Skippt breaks away and catches up with Tommy. Tommy reads a newspaper story 
of a dog-show to be held in High Hills with a prize of $15,000. Reporter 
Bob Clayton, who is to cover the show for the New York Chronicle, picks up 
Tommy and Skippy and brings them to High Hills. In High Hills, Skippy darts 
across the street after a Chihuahua dog. Tommy runs after him and is 
knocked down by a station wagon driven by Dave Farmer and Skippy leaps at 
Farmer. Doc Ramsey, a vet, quiets Skippy and takes Tommy to his offices, 
while Bob and Lorna, Ramsey's daughter,follow. Policeman Manning appears 
investigating Farmer's complaint that Skippy is a killer-dog, but Ramsey 
assumes responsibility for the dog's good behavior. At the show, Tommy 
overhears Farmer being fired because Sands has just sold his dogs to 
Parker, who refuses to hire Farmer. Tommy finds that he can't enter Skippy 
in the show because he is not registered. Tommy and Ramsey break into the 
Kennel Club that night to sneak Skippy into a stall so that he will be 
judged in the show. A burglar alarm rings, the dogs all flee their stalls 
and Tommy and Ramsey are captured by the night watchman. All of the dogs 
are recovered except four valuable ones, and Tommy and Skippy escape from 
the police. Bob gets a phone call from Farmer to meet him at the Snodgras 
Lumber Yard where, for $100, he will tell Bob who has the four missing 
dogs. But Farmer is frightened away before he can talk. Bob, Lorna and 
Ramsey head for home but Tommy and Skippy see Farmer in the cemetery and 
trail him.Tommy slips in the mud and Skippy springs after Farmer and 
disappears. Later, Farmer is discovered dead, with a rip in his throat. 
Police Chief Taggart finds that Skippy has returned to Bob's house, 
injured. Bob prevents the police from killing the dog, demanding that he be 
tried. But, alas, there is too much circumstantial evidence against Skippy 
and he is sentenced to a humane death. and Tommy returned to Bunting's 
custody. That leaves Tommy, the Tenth Avenue Kid and his dog against the 
world, and the world is winning going away. 
