Phoonk 2 (2010)

Phoonk 1 ends with the killing of Madhu, the woman who casts a black magic 
spell on Rajiv's daughter Raksha. Phoonk 2 begins with Madhu's ghost 
returning from the grave to seek revenge on the family. On bagging a new 
construction project, Rajiv moves with his family to a new place. Raksha 
and Rohan begin exploring the new place and the surroundings- the lonely 
beach and then the woods behind the house. The terror begins with Raksha 
and Rohan finding a doll in the woods and then it progresses to a series of 
highly traumatising experiences for the whole family. Manja, the only man 
whom Rajiv could turn to, meets a gruesome death at the hands of the black 
magic woman Madhu's ghost, who has risen from the grave to avenge her own 
death... to seek vengeance on Rajiv, by torturing his loved ones- his wife 
Arati and their children, Raksha and Rohan in unimaginably cruel ways. 
Phoonk 2 captures the fear of a family caught hostage to a murderous, 
animalistic spirit seeking revenge by brutally terrorizing them. We 
experience a fear far larger than that of a live evil than when the dead 
returns to haunt you. It is the fear where every escape route of yours 
becomes dangerously anticipated and cunningly laid out in front of you. It 
is the fear that extends to letting go of one loved one to save another. 
Where every situation takes a sinister turn for the worse, methodically 
murdering everyone's hope to live. Terrorized by the demonic force, will 
Rajiv give in to the ghost or will he betray his family and give up? Will 
the family survive as the gruesome and repulsing murders are committed, or 
do the disfigured bodies, visions, ghostly voices, and unsettling, 
disturbing incidents drive them to death? Will the ghost live with them 
till they become ghosts themselves? The choice that Rajiv has to make in 
the final moments of the film forms a very unsettling and a highly 
disturbing climax. 
After Raksha recovers fully from her traumatic experience, her father, 
Rajiv, accompanied by her brother, Rohan; mother, Arati; and maid, Laxmi, 
take a vacation near Ali Baug where they have a bungalow to themselves. 
Things go well until Raksha finds a doll in the woods and then Rohan starts 
to hallucinate that it is alive. Rajiv has it disposed off, and things 
quickly settle down - but not for long - as this time Arati complains that 
she is hearing voices, and Rajiv asks her to relax. They are soon joined by 
Rajiv's U.S.-based sister, Arushi, and her husband, Ranjeet, and the family 
continue to relax and enjoy themselves. Their idyllic vacation will soon be 
shattered when Arati will be possessed by a vengeful Madhu (a former 
associate of Rajiv's) - who is determined to slowly and painfully kill 
everyone. 
