Reservoir Dogs (1992)

Six criminals, who are strangers to each other, are hired by a crime boss 
Joe Cabot to carry out a diamond robbery. Right at the outset, they are 
given false names with an intention that they won't get too close and 
concentrate on the job instead. They are completely sure that the robbery 
is going to be a success. But when the police show up right at the time and 
the site of the robbery, panic spreads amongst the group members and one of 
them is killed in the subsequent shootout along with a few policemen and 
civilians. When the remaining people assemble at the premeditated 
rendezvous point (a warehouse), they begin to suspect that one of them is 
an undercover cop. 
A gang of thieves carry out an armed robbery on a Diamond warehouse. The 
police are after them so quickly that they suspect they have a rat in their 
company. This film starts right before the robbery, with flashbacks to 
before the robbery, and to the planning of the crime. We are also 
introduced to the main characters in flashback mode. Plenty of fast action, 
and plenty of blood and gore. 
They were six strangers, assembled to pull off the perfect crime: Mr. 
White, a professional criminal; Mr. Orange, a young newcomer; Mr. Blonde, a 
trigger-happy killer; Mr. Pink, a paranoid neurotic; Mr. Brown; and Mr. 
Blue. Hired by mob boss Joe Cabot and given fake names so no one could 
identify the others, they thought there was no way their heist could have 
failed. But after a police ambush, killing Mr. Brown and seriously injuring 
Mr. Orange, the criminals return to their rendezvous point (a warehouse), 
and realize that one of them had to have been a police informant. But who? 
The tale of a group of thugs who are hired to rob a diamond store. But the 
plan starts to fall apart when the alarm is tripped and the cops show up 
within moments. Of the group of men, all of whom are identified by colors, 
only four survive with one being seriously wounded. It is suspected that 
there is a police informant in the group, but no one is sure who it is. 
Joe Cabot, a small-time crime boss, assembles five strangers with 
reputations as good thieves to steal a lot diamonds. When the police arrive 
at the scene before the burglars can even make their getaway, it becomes 
apparent that one of them is an undercover police officer. 
