Sachaa Jhutha (1970)

Bhola is a young musision who arrives in Bombay to try to make a living as 
a music player to get money for his crippled twin sister, Belu, to find a 
sutor to marry her. Ranjit Kamar is a wealthy businessman who moonlights as 
a diamond thief and smuggler who is the dead spliting image of Bhola. Bhola 
and Ranjit paths cross at a costume party Bhola unknowingly crashes in 
which Ranjit and his mistress Rita persuade the unsuspecting and naive 
country-bumkin Bhola to impersonate Ranjit for social engagements while the 
real Ranjit settles for his criminal activities, while a undercover police 
woman persues Bhola/Ranjit hoping to catch him in his latest thief. 
Following a spate of jewel robberies, Bombay Police Commissioner assigns 
this matter to honest and diligent Police Inspector Pradhan. Pradhan 
enlists the help of three of his colleagues, namely Inspector Jagdish, Miss 
Malti Mehra, and Meena. He instructs them that they have to masquerade as a 
family, with Meena as the daughter, to lure the prime suspect in the 
robberies, Ranjit Kumar. Things go according to plan, and Ranjit is indeed 
attracted to Meena, who is now called Rita. But the robberies keep on 
escalating, and this time Ranjit Kumar has an alibi - he is with Rita, yet 
the police are baffled as to how can one person be at two places at the 
same time? And to complicate matters more, Meena falls in love with Ranjit, 
a move that could well jeopardize the entire mission. 
Bhola, a young musician, leaves his small village to go to the big city, 
with dreams of making a dowry for his crippled sister, Belu. He leaves her 
behind with their abusive stepmother and loyal Doberman, Moti. When Bhola 
arrives in the big city he is almost immediately believed to be diamond 
thief and smuggler, Ramjit Kumar, who is currently under investigation by 
the local police department. Bhola is rushed into a party where everyone 
mistakes him for Ramjit, while the real Ramjit sits back and observes. 
Ramjit Kumar decides to train the naive Bhola, to take his place during the 
investigation - so that the police cannot link Ramjit to the elaborate 
heist he is about to commit. The police assign the beautiful young 
detective Meena to go undercover as Rita, a wealthy heiress and diamond 
connoisseur, with the intent of capturing Ramjit in the act! But instead, 
she finds herself getting to know the charms of Bhola (masquerading as 
Ramjit! The remainder of the film is a tale of mistaken identity, and close 
calls, interspersed with musical numbers, and a surprise ending and rescue 
involving Moti the Doberman who has unusual canine instincts. 
