Sapoot (1996)

Singhania entraps notorious smuggle and gangster named Dhaneshwar with the 
help of the police, thus giving rise to a saga of anger and revenge, that 
will engulf Singhania and his loved ones for years to come, especially at 
the hands of mighty Tejeshwar, a man known to build his muscles by having a 
tug of war with horses! 
Singhania and Dhaneshwar are two notorious gangsters who give rise to the 
birth of criminal activities - while Dhaneshwar has his backings from the 
police force - Singhania take his backings from his family members. When 
these two forces clashes murders and mayhem are created especially with 
stern Tejeshwar who will only rest after jeopardizing lives. 
Entrapped by Singhania; Dhaneshwar and his men publicly murder Singhania by 
shooting him to death. To express there love for there dad, Singhania's 
off-springs embarked on a mission of violence and crime to bring there 
dad's killers to justice. Simultaniously, they does get there hands on 
Dhaneshwar and will now have to deal with cunning Tejeshwar, a thunderous 
man that wrestles with horses! 
Notorious smuggler and gangster named Singhania creates problems in Bombay 
for the other hardcore criminals especially Dhaneshwar. Along with the help 
of the police Singhania gets Dhaneshwar implicated for foreign diamonds 
stolen. Dhaneshwar, after his release form jail, along with the help of 
Tejeshwar, a stern and prestigious man who is known to build his muscles by 
having a tug of war with horses entraps Singhania and gets him killed with 
the help of law enforcement officers and a crunch that will affect his 
loved ones forever. 
Traditional rivals, both in business and underground activities, Dhaneshwar 
and Singhania are faced with, namely with there enmity. Both will do 
anything in there power to kill each other. Each form there gangs and 
creates chaos in society with the help of the law, unknown to both that 
there enmity will affect the poorer-classes of people who shall appeal to 
high judicial powers to ensure total destruction of both the gangsters. 
