Scarface (1983)

When Fidel Castro opens the harbor at Mariel, Cuba, he sends 125,000 Cuban 
refugees to reunite with their relatives in the United States. Among all 
the refugees, there is one who wants it all, his name is Tony Montana. Tony 
and his friend Manny arrive in the United States and start in small time 
jobs. Soon, they are hired by Omar Suarez to pay money to a group of 
Colombians. When the deal goes wrong, Tony and Manny leave with the money 
and succeed in their job. Soon Tony meets with drug kingpin Frank Lopez and 
falls for his boss's girl, Elvira. Pretty soon Tony will know that those 
who want it all, do not last forever; that is the price of power. The world 
will know Montana by one name....SCARFACE. 
A remake of the 1932 classic, the 1983 version follows cuban refugee, Tony 
Montana and his close friend Manny Ray, and together they build a strong 
drug empire in Miami. Of course Montana must deal with the hardships of 
this type of buisness. And as Montana's power begins to grow so does his 
ego and his paranoia. 
An update of the 1932 film, Scarface (1983) follows gangster Tony Montana 
and his close friend Manny Ray from their trip on the Cuban Boat Lift for 
refugees to their arrival in Miami. After killing a powerful Cuban figure, 
Montana and company gain the ability to leave their refugee camps and roam 
around the U.S. After unsuccessfully trying to make it legitamately in the 
country, Montana and Ray resort to selling cocaine to dealers around the 
world. Tony's rise is quick, but as he becomes more powerful, his enemies 
and his own paranoia begin to plague his empire. 
When Castro opened the port at Mariel Harbor, thousands of Cubans fled to 
the United States. One is a young tough named Antonio (Tony) Montana, who, 
with his friend Manny Ray, starts in with Miami's cocaine trade. He 
survives attack by chainsaw after a deal goes bad, and several other 
attempts by other dealers to eliminate him. Eventually the grandiose 
Montana becomes head of a cocaine cartel. But his enemies start coming 
after him, and his paranoia threatens to drive Montana's empire into the 
ground... 
