Slam (2008)

Mouth, Monkey, and Jason are your average teenagers with a love for the 
game of basketball. On the last day of school, they get on the wrong side 
of Li Wei, the captain of the high school basketball team. Li Wei & his 
entourage swear to make the boys' summer break a living hell. The conflict 
reaches a high point in the finals of the Adidas annual 3-on-3 street 
basketball tournament. Will the boys win back their pride against the 
biggest bullies on the court? 
Mouth, Monkey, and Jason are your average teenagers with a love for the 
game of basketball. On the last day of school, they get on the wrong side 
of Li Wei, the captain of the high school basketball team. Li Wei & his 
entourage swear to make the boys' summer break a living hell. The conflict 
reaches a high point in the finals of the Adidas annual 3-on-3 street 
basketball tournament. Will the boys win back their pride against the 
biggest bullies on the court? 
Our story begins on the last day of school during final exams in Beijing, 
China. Mouth, a shy insecure 15-year-old, and his best friend Monkey, an 
undersized energetic loudmouth, get ready for the start of summer break and 
transition into high school. The future is looking bright for Mouth, whose 
longtime crush, Xiao Xiao, the prettiest and smartest girl at school, has 
finally turned her attention to him. The fun start to school break turns 
sour, when Monkey's cousin, Jason, comes to Beijing for the summer. Jason 
gets the boys on the wrong side of Li Wei, the arrogant and cocky captain 
of the school basketball team. Since Mouth's humble father, Lao Lin, works 
for Li Wei's powerful and rich father, Mouth desperately tries to avoid any 
trouble. Nevertheless, Jason convinces the boys to take revenge. The boys 
score a minor victory, but Li Wei vows to make their lives a living hell. 
Mouth's life takes a turn for the worse during Monkey's birthday party, 
when Li Wei and his friends humiliate Xiao Xiao. Angry and pushed over the 
edge, Mouth attacks Li Wei and ends up damaging public property and 
injuring Li Wei. The police show up along with both of their fathers. As a 
result, Lao Lin has to get a second job in order to pay for the damages 
caused by Mouth. Frustrated, Mouth gets into a fight with Xiao Xiao and 
breaks up with her. To pay for the damages, Mouth, Monkey and Jason enter 
the annual 3-on-3 basketball tournament in hopes of winning the grand prize 
money. During the tournament, the team's remarkable performance makes them 
the crowd's favorites. They are even stealing the thunder away from Li 
Wei's team, the defending champions. The night before the semi-finals, 
Mouth's father discovers that his son has failed his final exams. He lashes 
out, hitting his son in anger. The next day, Mouth plays horribly, causing 
a huge fight between him and Jason. Out of a fluke, they still manage to 
win a spot to the finals against none other than Li Wei's team. Unable to 
settle their differences, do the boys have what it takes to overcome 
impossible odds? 
