Snatch. (2000)

Turkish and his close friend/accomplice Tommy get pulled into the world of 
match fixing by the notorious Brick Top. Things get complicated when the 
boxer they had lined up gets the shit kicked out of him by Pitt, a 'pikey' 
( slang for an Irish Gypsy)- who comes into the equation after Turkish, an 
unlicensed boxing promoter wants to buy a caravan off the Irish Gypsies. 
They then try to convince Pitt not only to fight for them, but to lose for 
them too. Whilst all this is going on, a huge diamond heist takes place, 
and a fistful of motley characters enter the story, including 'Cousin Avi', 
'Boris The Blade', 'Franky Four Fingers' and 'Bullet Tooth Tony'. Things go 
from bad to worse as it all becomes about the money, the guns, and the 
damned dog! 
Turkish, an unlicenced boxing promoter is pulled into trouble when he 
becomes involved in big time criminal Brick Top, who wants him to arrange a 
fight and fix it. Meanwhile, a diamond theft goes down but the 84 karat 
stone goes missing. This leads Avi, the boss who was supposed to receive 
the stone, to come to England to search for it, with the help of his 
cousin, Doug The Head and Bullet Tooth Tony. As events twist and turn, the 
two situations blend into one with a chain reaction of events carrying on 
for each and every character. 
A diamond of prodigious size is stolen from Antwerp by an American thief. 
En route back to New York, he takes a slight detour in London, at the 
suggestion of a treacherous partner, who sets the thief (Franky Four 
Fingers) up with his cousin, Boris. Boris hires incompetent thieves to 
retrieve the diamond from a bookies, where FFF went to place a bet. The 
bookies belongs to Brick Top, a local underworld kingpin who runs illegal 
fights. In his fights, a fighter is being staged by two boxing promoters, 
Turkish and his partner Tommy. Turkish decides to improve his office a 
little bit, and sends Tommy to a gypsy campsite to buy a caravan. The 
boxer, Gorgeous George, is knocked out at the campsite, and Turkish decides 
to replace the boxer with Mickey, the gypsy leader. After Brick Top's 
bookies are robbed, Boris double-crosses the two incompetents, and kills 
FFF. Franky's boss comes to London for the sake of the diamond, and this is 
the final event which sets off a chain of events and characters involving 
wild gypsies, phenomenally stupid thugs, hapless boxing promoters, immortal 
Russian arms dealers and... a stray dog. 
