Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace (1999)

The evil Trade Federation, led by Nute Gunray is planning to take over the 
peaceful world of Naboo. Jedi Knights Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi are 
sent to confront the leaders. But not everything goes to plan. The two Jedi 
escape, and along with their new Gungan friend, Jar Jar Binks head to Naboo 
to warn Queen Amidala, but droids have already started to capture Naboo and 
the Queen is not safe there. Eventually, they land on Tatooine, where they 
become friends with a young boy known as Anakin Skywalker. Qui-Gon is 
curious about the boy, and sees a bright future for him. The group must now 
find a way of getting to Coruscant and to finally solve this trade dispute, 
but there is someone else hiding in the shadows. Are the Sith really 
extinct? Is the Queen who she really says she is? And what's so special 
about this young boy? 
When the evil Trade Federation plots to take over the peaceful planet of 
Naboo, Jedi warrior Qui-Gon Jinn and his apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi embark 
on an amazing adventure to save the planet. With them on their journey is 
the young Queen Amidala, Gungan outcast Jar Jar Binks, and the powerful 
Captain Panaka, who will all travel to the faraway planets of Tatooine and 
Coruscant in a futile attempt to save their world from Darth Sidious, 
leader of the Trade Federation, and Darth Maul, the strongest Dark Lord of 
the Sith to ever wield a lightsaber. 
As imminent conflict brews between the powerful Trade Federation and the 
peaceful planet of Naboo, Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn and his apprentice 
Obi-Wan Kenobi travel to Naboo to warn the Queen of the galactic fallout 
which is to follow. Eventually, Naboo is invaded forcing the Jedi to 
evacuate the planet with the Queen and her court. They travel to the desert 
planet of Tatooine where they meet a slave boy named Anakin Skywalker who 
is evidently one with the Force. They enlist his help in fighting the war, 
while the Jedi confront one of the Dark Jedi behind the invasion, Darth 
Maul, while his master Darth Sidious continues to lead the invasion as a 
"phantom" behind the scenes. 
It is a distant galaxy eons before the gestation of the planet Earth. 
Advancements in technology and science have allowed the evolution of 
millions of worlds that are otherwise in many respects still primitive. 
These worlds are somewhat loosely allied into an intergalactic Republic, 
whose capital world is the planet Coruscant, a planetary city. Upholding 
order for the Republic are the Jedi, an order of warriors endowed with 
near-super power derived from self-generated fields of energy known 
collectively as the Force. Within the Republic, dissident worlds have 
banded into an alliance known as the Trade Federation, and the Trade 
Federation is locked in a dispute with the peaceful world of Naboo. Two 
Jedi Knights, Qui-Gon Jinn and his youthful apprentice, Obi-Wan Kenobi, 
have been sent to Naboo to help mediate an end to the dispute, but Nute 
Gunray, an alien viceroy, orders them to be killed, and the two Jedi 
discover upon their escape that the Trade Federation will launch an 
invasion of Naboo. With the help of a well-meaning but hopelessly 
subliterate alien native of Naboo, Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan land on Naboo to 
rescue her ruler, Queen Amidala, a ruler whose rule is a mixture of 
monarchy and republican democracy. Escaping Naboo, they are attacked by a 
Federation baseship and are forced to land on the distant planet Tatooine, 
where in seeking parts to complete their journey to Coruscant they 
encounter a young boy, Anakin Skywalker, a slave who possesses a gift for 
the savagely dangerous sport of podracing - a gift that Qui-Gon deduces is 
part of a genetic makeup perfect for the Jedi Order. Anakin eventually 
joins with Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan, and in the process attracts the attention 
of one of Queen Amidala's handmaidens with a dramatic secret, and all reach 
Coruscant, but endless and pointless debate within the Republic's Senate 
leave them no choice but to strike out on their own to liberate Naboo, a 
task made all the more difficult because a traitor within Coruscant has at 
his command a dissident Jedi warrior who seeks the death of Qui-Gon and 
Obi-Wan. 
