Star Trek (2009)

On the day of James Kirk's birth, his father dies on his ship in a last 
stand against a mysterious alien time-traveling vessel looking for 
Ambassador Spock, who, in this time, is also a child on Vulcan disdained by 
his neighbors for his half-human heritage. Twenty-five years later, Kirk 
has grown into a young troublemaker. Challenged by Captain Christopher Pike 
to realize his potential in Starfleet, he comes to annoy instructors like 
young Commander Spock. Suddenly, there is an emergency at Vulcan and the 
newly commissioned USS Enterprise is crewed with promising cadets like 
Nyota Uhura, Hikaru Sulu, Pavel Chekov and even Kirk himself, thanks to 
Leonard McCoy's medical trickery. Together, this crew will have an 
adventure in the final frontier where the old legend is altered forever as 
a new version of it begins. 
When the Romulan mining ship Narada attacks the Federation starship USS 
Kelvin, Lieutenant George Kirk substitutes his captain, who is going to 
meet the Romulan Captain Nero in his vessel to negotiate a ceasefire, in 
the command of the Kelvin. He orders the evacuation of the damaged 
starship, including his wife who is in labor while delivering their son 
James Tiberus Kirk in the hospital shuttlecraft, George Kirk crashes the 
Kelvin against the Narada. The reckless and troublemaker Kirk grows up and 
when he meets Captain Christopher Pike in a bar fight, he is invited to 
join Starfleet. Meanwhile in Vulcan, the outcast Spock grows-up 
discriminated against for his half-human condition. They meet each other in 
Starfleet Academy, wherein Spock accuses Kirk of lack of ethics, cheating a 
test of command. The trial is suspended with the information that Vulcan is 
under attack, sending Federation starships to Vulcan, including the 
recently commissioned USS Enterprise. Kirk, who is a stowaway, foresees an 
alien attack and advises Captain Pike; however, the Enterprise is damaged 
and when Captain Pike travels to meet Captain Nero, Spock has command and a 
serious friction with Kirk after the destruction of Vulcan. Kirk is accused 
of mutiny and stranded on the desert planet Delta Vega. Out of the blue, he 
is saved from an attack of an alien animal by old Spock who explains to 
Kirk that Captain Nero blames Spock and the Federation for the destruction 
of his home planet Romulus by a supernova. Spock explains that he had 
failed in the creation of a black hole with red matter to consume the 
supernova and Nero is seeking revenge. Now Kirk has to find a way to save 
Earth, the next destination of the Narada. 
