The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King (2003)

While Frodo & Sam continue to approach Mount Doom to destroy the One Ring, 
unaware of the path Gollum is leading them, the former Fellowship aid Rohan 
& Gondor in a great battle in the Pelennor Fields, Minas Tirith and the 
Black Gates as Sauron wages his last war against Middle-Earth. 
Gondor is overrun by the orcs of Mordor, and Gandalf rides to Minas Tirith 
to aid the humans in the war that is ahead. Aragorn must realize his true 
identity and purpose as the King of Men, and journey with Gimli and Legolas 
to summon the Army of the Dead so that the battle against evil can be won. 
Meanwhile, paranoia and suspicion rises between Frodo, Sam and Gollum as 
they continue their increasingly dark and dangerous travel to Mount Doom, 
the one place where The Ring can be destroyed once and for all. 
The Fellowship divides to conquer as Frodo and Sam, with the help and 
hindrance of Gollum, continue their way to Mount Doom. Gandalf and Pippin 
ride to Minas Tirith to help defend Gondor while Merry remains with Eowyn 
and the other Rohan fighters. Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli seek aid from 
those that live in the Cursed Mountains. All these battles have one goal in 
mind: distract the Eye of Sauron and buy Frodo a little more time to 
destroy the ring. 
The War of the Ring reaches its climax as the dark lord Sauron sets his 
sights on Minas Tirith, the capital of Gondor. The members of the 
fellowship in Rohan are warned of the impending attack when Pippin cannot 
resist looking into Saruman's palantir and is briefly contacted by the dark 
lord. King Theoden is too proud to send his men to help without being 
asked, so Gandalf and Pippin ride to Minas Tirith to see that this request 
is sent. They meet opposition there from Denethor, steward of the city and 
father of Faramir and the late Boromir. Denethor's family has acted as 
temporary guardians of Gondor for centuries until a member of the true line 
of kings returns. This member is none other than Aragorn, who must overcome 
his own self-doubt before he can take on the role he was destined to 
fulfill. Meanwhile, Frodo and Sam continue to carry the One Ring towards 
Mordor, guided by Gollum. What they don't know is that Gollum is leading 
them into a trap so that he can reclaim the Ring for himself. Though Sam 
suspects his deceit, Frodo is starting to be corrupted by the Ring's power 
and the mistrust of Sam this causes is fully exploited by Gollum. The only 
way good can prevail in this contest is if the Ring is destroyed, an event 
that is becoming harder every minute for Frodo to achieve. The fate of 
every living creature in Middle Earth will be decided once and for all as 
the Quest of the Ringbearer reaches its climax. 
