The Lonely Range (1911)

Charley Crawford, a young ranch man, marries the daughter of a farmer and 
takes her from the homestead to his ranch in the West. They are very happy, 
in love, and the days slip by, unnoticed, while they are together. But the 
day comes when it is necessary for the young husband to leave his home to 
look after his scattered herd. After he is gone, the young wife, left 
alone, finds the absence of human companionship and the silence of the vast 
prairie oppressive. In the course of their work, her husband and his 
companions come upon a ranger, whose horse has fallen upon him, pinning him 
underneath and seriously injuring him. Crawford's ranch is the nearest 
habitation and the ranger is carried to the ranch to be looked after by the 
young wife. She welcomes the break in the monotony and nurses the ranger; 
glad to have the diversion. The ranger's injuries are soon well, thanks to 
her care; and he prepares to leave the ranch. He informs Mrs. Crawford of 
his intention and she watches his preparations for departure with much 
regret. Then fear of loneliness prompts her to ask him to take her to town 
that she may return to her parents until after the roundup. The ranger 
takes her on his horse and she gives him a letter to be delivered to her 
husband at his camp. On the trail, they meet one of the cowboys, who takes 
in the unusual situation to mean that Mrs. Crawford has run away with the 
ranger. He rides to the camp and tells Crawford that his wife has eloped. 
In his anger, Charley attacks his informant, but the boys intervene; and he 
hurries to his home to find the house empty and circumstantial evidence 
pointing to the truth of the cowboy's story. He feels the pangs of jealousy 
and the bitterness of life makes the hitherto honest man an outlaw. Months 
after, the same ranger is assigned to the task of hunting the desperado 
down. He trails him into the mountains and comes upon him, but the wary 
outlaw has him covered with his gun before he realizes what has happened. 
They recognize each other simultaneously and the ranger drops his gun. All 
the bitterness he has felt surges through Crawford. At last, he has at his 
mercy the man whom he believes has wrecked his home and he prepares to 
strangle him. A desperate conflict ensues. 
