The Sheriff's Captive (1911)

Dan Hawkins, a rancher of Skull Valley, Arizona, going to the post-office 
for his mail, recognizes a man standing near, pulls his gun, shoots the man 
down and rides hastily away. The loitering cowpunchers hasten with news of 
the tragedy to the home of Fred Weller, the sheriff, who bidding his mother 
good-bye, saddles his broncho, and is off on the trail of the assassin. 
Nell, Hawkins' daughter, awaits her father's return, and greets him 
joyfully. He is much depressed, and thrusting a note into her hand, bids 
her good-bye and rides away. Nell reads the note: "My Dear 
Daughter--Fifteen years ago your mother ran away with another man. Today I 
killed him. I have made provision for your future. I am leaving this 
country. Good-bye. Your Father." The sheriff reaches Hawkins' cabin and 
encounters Nell, who denies knowledge of the whereabouts of her father. 
Weller, however, discovers the hoof-prints of Hawkins' horse, and starts on 
the trail. The next evening, by aid of his field glasses, he discovers 
Hawkins asleep, his horse unsaddled standing near. He stealthily steals 
upon the sleeping man, secures his gun and takes him prisoner. Hawkins 
pleads to be permitted to see his daughter. Arriving at the cabin, Nell and 
her father go inside, while Weller, exhausted from many hours in the 
saddle, drops upon a bench and is soon fast asleep. Nell comes from the 
cabin, purloins from the sheriff the key to the handcuffs, releases her 
father who rides away, she placing the handcuffs upon her own wrists. 
Weller awakens and is astounded. The girl tells him what she has done, and 
demands that she be taken in her father's stead. The cowpunchers, 
meanwhile, have set out in search of the sheriff, and meet him and Nell on 
the trail, Weller explaining, "My prisoner escaped, but I captured his 
daughter." He takes Nell to his home, and explains to his mother, who gives 
the girl a warm welcome. The new love grows apace, and in the end we find 
Nell handcuffing herself to Weller, promising to be "His prisoner for 
life." 
