The Wasp Woman (1959)

Janice Starlin, the owner of a cosmetics firm, sees that her fading beauty 
is not only causing waves in her personal life but causing some prestige 
problems for her also-fading business. She becomes an easy mark for a 
pseudo-scientist, Eric Zinthrop, who claims to have developed a serum from 
the enzymes of wasps that will turn aging skin to youthful-looking skin. 
The second-best thing to a time machine. She, without any hesitation, 
agrees to be the first human to try the Zinthro injections. But, as her 
beauty returns, her secretary, Mary Dennison, and her advertising 
executive, Bill Lane, notices she is also having a personality change and 
it isn't for the better, albeit she was no Miss Congegeniality to begin 
with. Then, Zinthrop gets hit by an automobile, for plot-development 
purposes, and is somewhat incapacitated and not in any shape to be whipping 
up any new batches of Zinthrop's Wasp Enzyme Injection Serum and, without 
her enzyme injections, Janice turns into a wasp-like woman and meaner that 
a yellow-jacket hornet. Several people don't live to regret coming into 
contact with her, and this is not good for the business, either. 
Janice Starlin runs her own successful cosmetics firm. Sales have dropped 
recently and her team tell her the reduction in sales started when she 
stopped being the 'face' of their cosmetic products. Janice is approaching 
middle age and stopped doing ads as she felt she had lost her youthful 
beauty. When she's approached by a scientist, Eric Zinthrop, she's amazed 
at a new drug he has devised from wasp enzymes. She injects herself and her 
youth returns to everyone's amazement. There are serious side effects 
however that lead to death destruction. 
The founder and owner of a cosmetic factory, Janice Starlin (Susan Cabot), 
is concerned with the dropping sale results of her company. The scientist 
Eric Zinthrop (Michael Mark) offers to her his research with wasp enzymes 
that makes animals younger, and she immediately accepts to hire him, 
provided she becomes his human subject. She decides by her own to 
accelerate the treatment injecting additional serum trying to see earlier 
results, becoming the lethal "Wasp Woman". 
