The Grate Impeeryul Sirkus (1914)

A group of children are thrilled by the circus that's come to town. "The 
next day," says the title card, "the children have a circus." "Elsie has an 
idea," says the next title card, "and the children decide to scour the 
neighborhood and borrow a menagerie." They borrow a neighbor's cat, another 
neighbor's dog and yet another neighbor's caged bird. A neighbor lets his 
pet duck out to play in a pond; and the kids jump into the pond to borrow 
it, too. From Rudolph's Costumes, they borrow a costume of an elephant. 
These domestic pets are a little dull as their real identities, so the kids 
hang up signs claiming the animals are an eagle, a lion, a tiger, an 
ostrich and so on. Now they're ready for their circus. They parade the 
animals down the street in wheeled cages. A boy ringmaster displays a pony 
in his miniature ring. Two boys fight each other on a trapeze swing. The 
ringmaster and Elsie break it up. Now it's time for the chariot race from 
"Ben Hur." Two boys in homemade chariots, pulled by one pony each, race 
around the tiny ring, but they lose control of the ponies and start racing 
down the street. The ponies pull their chariot racers into the pond, where 
they both fall off. Meanwhile, several boys display their acrobatic skills 
by jumping over the costume-elephant. A strong boy lifts weights, when 
suddenly the neighbor with the cat interrupts the circus and beats the 
strong boy with her umbrella. The boy carries her away. Presently, the 
elephant trainer from the adult circus loses control of his animal. 
Suddenly, the children's circus is invaded by a real, live elephant. The 
local pet owners are upset and try to stop the children, who are now 
parading down the street with their new and very impressive circus animal. 
They bring the elephant to the adult circus and into the tent, as the 
circus owner lets them through, but stops the outraged pet owners from 
entering. Meanwhile, the ringmaster explains to his sparse audience that 
Toddie the elephant cannot appear. At that moment, in walks Toddie and the 
children. Now everyone wants a ticket. The circus owner is so pleased that 
he shares part of his windfall with the kids. 
