They Drive by Night (1940)

Brothers Paul and Joe Fabrini run a trucking business in California mainly 
shipping fruit from farms to the markets in Los Angeles. They struggle to 
make ends meet in the face of corrupt businessmen and intense competition. 
They are forced into driving long hours and one night pick-up waitress 
Cassie Hartley who's just quit her job at a truck stop. The three of them 
witness the death of a mutual acquaintance when he falls asleep at the 
wheel. This has a profound effect on Paul and Joe and they become 
determined to find a way to make the business pay so they can quit. 
Joe and Paul Fabrini are two wildcat truck drivers struggling to stay one 
step ahead of their creditors. Their job requires long hours on the road 
and prevents them from getting enough sleep. Paul's wife worries she's 
going to find herself a widow some day and for good reason. Joe, Paul and a 
hardboiled waitress they pick up hitchhiking are witness to just how 
dangerous the business is. They watch in horror when the driver of the 
truck ahead of them falls asleep and runs off the road; both men inside die 
in a fiery explosion. Eventually, Joe goes to work for an old friend, who 
now runs his own trucking business. Ed Carlsen is rich and successful, but 
he's still a regular fellow and hasn't lost the vulgar manners of his 
class. This annoys his wife Lana to no end. She's clearly nouveau riche 
herself, but wants to rise above the low-class antics of her husband. And 
she's in love with Joe, who wants nothing to do with her. This drives her 
to commit murder. 
Two brothers Joe and Paul Fabrini try to make a living at wildcat trucking. 
The two deal with shaddy bosses, and repo men, but an accident ends Pauls 
days, and causes Joe to go to work for an old friend, Ed Carleson, whose 
wife, Lana, has more than a passing interest in him. While Joe only has 
eyes for Cassie. Lana kills Ed, but claims she had no choice as Paul 
threatened to kill her if she did not kill her husband, only after he 
rebuffs her advances. At the trial she falls to pieces with the police 
dragging a hysterical Lana away, the judge throws the charges against Joe 
out and frees him to take over his old friends business. 
