Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy (2011)

In the early 1970s during the Cold War, the head of British Intelligence, 
Control, resigns after an operation in Budapest, Hungary goes badly wrong. 
It transpires that Control believed one of four senior figures in the 
service was in fact a Russian agent - a mole - and the Hungary operation 
was an attempt to identify which of them it was. Smiley had been forced 
into retirement by the departure of Control, but is asked by a senior 
government figure to investigate a story told to him by a rogue agent, 
Ricky Tarr, that there was a mole. Smiley considers that the failure of the 
Hungary operation and the continuing success of Operation Witchcraft (an 
apparent source of significant Soviet intelligence) confirms this, and 
takes up the task of finding him. Through the efforts of Peter Guillam, 
Smiley obtains information that eventually leads him to Jim Prideaux, the 
agent at the heart of the Hungary fiasco. He is then able to put together 
the pieces of the puzzle, which lead him to the identity of the mole and 
the true intent of Operation Witchcraft. 
A year after he was forced into retirement, ex-spy George Smiley is called 
back by a Cabinet office official when information comes to him that there 
may be a Soviet spy, a mole, at the very top of the British secret service. 
Smiley had been forced out along with Control, the head of spy agency, 
after a disastrous mission in Hungary where a colleague, Jim Prideaux, was 
shot. It was also an unhealthy time in the secret service, known 
affectionately by its members as the Circus, with several senior officers 
having developed a new source of information in the USSR but refusing to 
share that person's identity. Smiley agrees to return and in the course of 
his examination learns that the secret secret Soviet source has become the 
mainstay of the service, one that they soon plan to use to get at US 
intelligence information. Smiley soon realizes that the Soviets have turned 
the service inside out. 
