Two Lucky Jims (1910)

The two Jims loved the same girl. One was exceedingly fat, and the other 
equally exceedingly slim. Slim Jim was the father's choice and Fat Jim the 
mother's choice. Both Jims and the girl's parents had their plans in 
connection with their respective favorites, but the girl had a lover. The 
father did not like the lover and forbade him the right of the house, so he 
sneaked in surreptitiously. One day in the midst of his arduous, 
surreptitious courting, the approach of Slim Jim, made it necessary for the 
girl to hide her idol in a barrel where he was compelled to sweat and fume. 
She finally appeased Jim's wooing by promising to elope. The lover then 
emerged from his place of concealment and was again comfortably established 
with his sweetheart, when Fat Jim approached. The necessity for hiding her 
lover was once more apparent to the girl, and she hid him under a clothes 
basket and proceeded to entertain the fat man. She succeeded in getting rid 
of him in a similar manner. Fat Jim, while waiting for the young lady 
evolved a plan of elopement. Slim Jim's mind worked along the same lines, 
and he resolved likewise. After waiting for about an hour after the 
original time set for the girl to meet them, they each one separately 
started towards the ranch house with a view to ascertaining the reason for 
the delay. In their search they unexpectedly met each other, and finding 
one another on the same mission, in indignation decided to investigate the 
situation. They discovered that in the interim an elopement had taken 
place, and that the girl had departed wither her personally favored suitor. 
They aroused the parents, who came forth in their negligee, and in great 
ire, called down the wrath of the gods on the individual who had stolen 
their daughter from them and without their consent. The two Jims 
immediately set out in pursuit of the lovers on the only two horses in the 
stable, and the deserted parents, upon donning a few garments, were forced 
to follow on a stubborn burro. With a good start on the irate lovers and 
parents, the elopers were soon at the office of the Justice of the Peace 
and there they met opposition. The Justice hadn't eaten his breakfast, and 
refused to marry them on an empty stomach. A 44-calibre gun in the hand of 
the would-be bridegroom caused him to suddenly change his mind. When the 
two unlucky Jims arrived, the door of the Justice of the Peace was barred 
against them. They demanded admission and were refused. The fond mother 
rode in about the same time on her husband's back, the burro having balked 
quite some distance out of town. Both Jims and the parents held a 
consultation, and a battering-ram was applied to the Justice's door. Cupid 
beat them to it, however, as the happy couple came forth victoriously. A 
few years elapsed and the two Jims, still nursing their wounded hearts, 
went to visit the home of their successful rival. They found him sweatily 
engaged at the wash-tub, while his indolent wife sat by bossing the job. 
The ardent lover had degenerated into a henpecked husband. After witnessing 
several violent demonstrations of domestic tranquility punctured by a lot 
of bawling kids, the two Jims stole away and congratulated each other on 
their lucky misfortune. 
