Una vida mejor (2008)

Welcome to America. The U.S. government has mandated the construction of a 
2,000-mile long wall along the U.S./Mexico border and many Americans sport 
bumper stickers on their vehicles with slogans like, "Stop the Invasion." 
Una Vida Mejor (A Better Life) follows three families, each participating 
in the American experience, and each searching for their own version of the 
American dream. Two of the families have crossed the Mexican border 
illegally, and entered the United States in the midst of this social and 
political unrest. The film beautifully weaves the lives of these families 
together, forming a uniquely American tapestry of love, loss, and hardship. 
As the drama unfolds, the individual humanity behind the stark statistics 
and political rhetoric of the immigration issue is revealed and we find 
that the border between "right" and "wrong" is hopelessly blurred. 
Three desperate families find their quest for a better life in the United 
States challenged by prejudice and injustice in director Andrew James' 
harsh critique of the American Dream. It seems that one can't turn on the 
radio or television without hearing staggering statistics and harsh 
political rhetoric about illegal immigration, but buried somewhere deep in 
all of the media static is the fact that every single person on the planet 
shares the fundamental human desire to provide themselves and their 
families with the best life possible. For three families who successfully 
manage to make their way across the border and into the United States, the 
harrowing trip through an unforgiving landscape was only the beginning of 
their treacherous journey. How does one survive in a place where right has 
become wrong, and the perpetrator is now the victim? Some turn to crime, 
inadvertently falling into a vicious cycle with the power to destroy 
families and consume lives before they've even had a chance to prove 
themselves. 
Una Vida Mejor (A Better Life) is an ensemble drama that examines, from 
varying points of view, some of the issues surrounding illegal immigration. 
The film follows three families, each participating in the American 
experience, and each searching for their own version of the American dream. 
Two of the families have crossed the Mexican border illegally to enter the 
United States in search of a better life. What ensues is a gritty tale of 
injustice that leaves the viewer questioning the definitions of "victim" 
and "criminal." 
