Victor Victoria (1982)

In 1934 Paris, trained coloratura soprano Victoria Grant, a native Brit, 
can't get a job as a singer and is having trouble making ends meet. She 
doesn't even have enough money for the basics of food and shelter. Gay 
cabaret singer Carole 'Toddy' Todd may befall the same fate as Victoria as 
he was just fired from his singing gig at a second rate club named Chez 
Lui. To solve both their problems, Toddy comes up with what he considers an 
inspired idea: with Toddy as her manager, Victoria, pretending to be a man, 
get a job singing as a female impersonator. If they pull this scheme off, 
Toddy vows Victoria, as her male alter ego, will be the toast of Paris and 
as such be extremely wealthy. That alter ego they decide is Polish Count 
Victor Grazinski, Toddy's ex-lover who was disowned by his family when they 
found out he was gay. The Count auditions for the city's leading agent, 
Andre Cassell, who, impressed, gets him a gig performing in the city's best 
nightclub. In the audience on the successful opening night is Chicago 
nightclub owner and "businessman" King Marchand, a stereotypical macho male 
who falls in the love with the woman he sees on stage, which doesn't sit 
well with his current girlfriend, Norma Cassady. King is shocked to learn 
that that woman is a man named Count Grazinski. While King tries to 
reconcile his romantic feelings for "Victoria" (in truth, King doesn't 
truly believe the Count is a man), his business associates won't tolerate 
his change in sexual orientation. Although feeling emancipated being 
treated as a man, Victoria, as herself, in turn falls in love with King. To 
pursue something with him as a woman would mean giving up this lucrative 
career. But the career may also come to an end in a jail term if the 
authorities find out that Victoria and Toddy have committed fraud in this 
impersonation. 
Set in 1930s Paris, starving opera singer Victoria (Julie Andrews) is aided 
by gay cabaret performer Toddy (Robert Preston). When Victoria dons Toddy's 
ex's clothes and then sends the abusive ex flying with a booming shout and 
an equally booming right hook, Toddy is hit with inspiration: he'll pass 
her off as a female impersonator. A woman pretending to be a man pretending 
to be a woman? It all goes well until Chicago "businessman" King Marchand 
(James Garner), starts to investigate, sure that a man like himself could 
never fall for another man! The revelation of Kings infatuation brings his 
body guard 'Squash' Bernstein (Alex Karras) roaring out of the closet and 
his spurned moll Norma Cassady (brilliantly acted by Leslie Ann Warren) off 
to Chicago to plan revenge with King's other "business associates". 
Victoria is a poverty-stricken soprano trying to find work in Paris in the 
1930's. With the help of a worldly-wise nightclub singer, she invents her 
alter-ego Victor, a female impersonator who is hired to sing at a 
fashionable night spot. "You want me to be a woman pretending to be a man 
pretending to be a woman?" Interwoven throughout the comedy and musical 
numbers are some surprisingly astute observations about gender perceptions, 
discrimination and the battle of the sexes. 
