Wildcat Trooper (1936)

Royal Canadian Mounted Policemen Sergeant Gale Farrell and Constable Pat 
O'Hearne are on a mission to Twin Oaks in the dense Canadian wilderness to 
quell a war between rival fur trappers, and capture The Raven, a notorious 
gunman and killer, on his way to join the war. Pat returns to the post with 
the prisoner while Gale resumes his journey with the Raven's documents and 
identity. Gale contacts tavern owner McClain, suspected of being mixed up 
in the wholesale fur thefts, and convinces him that he is actually the 
Raven masquerading as a Mountie. McClain discloses some of the secrets of 
the operation but will not tell Gale the name of the ring leader. Gale 
meets Reynolds and Foster, the rival trappers who are accusing each other, 
and attempts to restore peace between them Reynolds is shot and wounded and 
Gale meets Ruth, his daughter, and falls in love with her. Gale learns that 
a fur buyer is at Twin Oaks and has just made a deal for ll of Reynolds' 
pelts. Foster, certain those are the pelts recently stolen from his 
warehouse goes to Twin Oaks and confirms his suspicions. Gale finds out 
that McClain has been stealing furs from both trappers, thus inciting both 
men into the present feud. Gale brings them together. Dr. Martin, Twin Oaks 
only physician, discovers Foster and Reynolds discussing McClain and 
speculating who the higher-up can be. It be him and he shoots both men. The 
wounded trappers are found by Gale, who also finds a string of wild doves 
recently killed by a hunter and some empty cartridges. He traces the 
evidence to Dr. Martin and rides to town to arrest him. But he is met by 
McClain and his men, who challenge his identity as the Raven. He hides 
outside his cabin and arrest McClain and his men when they show up to kill 
him. Pretending to be wounded, Gale stumbles into Martin's office and finds 
the gun which was used to shoot the two trappers. Dr. Martin and McClain 
are sent to the Mountie headquarters, while Gale remains behind to claim 
Ruth for his bride. 
When Mountie Farrell catches the Raven he takes his letter of introduction 
to McClain. Posing as the Raven he learns McClain is after Reynolds and 
Foster's furs and McClain wants him to keep the feud between the two going. 
But he realizes McClain has a boss and that's the man he wants. 
